https://apps.apple.com/app/id1520284227
‎COVID Alert on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview COVID Alert 4+ Let’s protect each other Health Canada / Santé Canada 4.7 • 96 Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description COVID Alert uses Bluetooth to exchange random codes with nearby phones. It does not use or access any location data. COVID Alert works by determining how far away other phones are by the strength of their Bluetooth signal. Several times a day, COVID Alert checks a list of codes from people who tell the app they tested positive. You’ll get a notification if a code you received matches one of the positive codes. If you test positive for COVID-19 you will receive a one-time key with your diagnosis to enter into COVID Alert. The app asks permission to share your random codes from the last 14 days with a central server. Other phones using COVID Alert check the central server periodically throughout the day. If they recorded any codes that match the codes in the central server, their user will be notified that they were exposed. COVID Alert has no way of knowing: -your location - COVID Alert does not use GPS or location services -your name or address -the place or time you were near someone -if you're currently near someone who was previously diagnosed Provincial and territorial governments are working to support COVID Alert across Canada. In some places, people cannot yet report a COVID-19 diagnosis through this app. It’s still helpful to keep COVID Alert on, no matter where you are. That way, when people are able to report a diagnosis, you’ll find out if you were near them. COVID Alert was built by Health Canada with the Canadian Digital Service on the private exposure notification framework by Apple and Google. What’s New Sep 1, 2021 Version 1.5.4 Maintenance updates. Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 96 Ratings 96 Ratings Saamers reviews , 07/31/2020 Great app that accounts for privacy! The app took 30 seconds to setup and really takes into account your privacy! I was amazed that it doesn’t ask you for you name or address and has no way to track exactly who you are! Too many innocent people have died, and this is the 2nd best way of making the virus stop. The 1st being locking down everyone inside, which is unrealistic. Let’s get Canada out of this mess and be world leaders As a mobile app development expert, I’m impressed by the overall app. Keep it up and thank you for not rushing an unfinished app. moe393 , 08/01/2020 A huge success! The only downfall to the COVID Alert app is that you need a minimum iOS update 13.5, and there are many reasons for this. The government of Canada had to work with Apple and Google to release a new software update that allowed you to connect run Bluetooth handshakes in the background so you do not have to have the app running. This is why the app is only available for iOS 3 13.5 and above. The app is clear and protects your health in a privately matter. I definitely do recommend this app! chickenandporn , 07/31/2020 Lightweight and the safest way to accelerate contact-tracing So far, seems lightweight and fairly uncluttered, even though we don’t need to look at it until it detects a positive report you’ve been near. It’s important to use a tool like this that optimizes contact-tracing: Health Canada doesn’t have limitless staff and funds, so we need to make them as efficient as possible with all the tools possible that don’t risk our privacy. Seems to accurately follow the Apple/Google privacy sharing so that your GPS is not leaked and no one but YOU can choose your share your health info. Privacy is important. Also because it doesn’t use GPS, it doesn’t drain your battery. No difference so far on my battery comparing to previous days. App Privacy The developer, Health Canada / Santé Canada, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Health Canada Size 12.4 MB Category Medical Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.5 or later. Languages English, French Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2021 Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada | Sa Majesté la Reine du chef du Canada Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Family Sharing With Family Sharing set up, up to six family members can use this app. More By This Developer Pesticide Labels Reference CBS Biosafety Reference CDN STI Guidelines Medical Pathogen Safety Data Sheets Education You Might Also Like Dynacare Plus Health & Fitness Maple - 24/7 Online Doctors Medical BC COVID-19 Support Medical Jane Online Appointments Medical ABTraceTogether Health & Fitness Jean Coutu Health & Fitness More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
