https://www.ontario.ca/page/covid-19-keeping-schools-safe
COVID-19: Keeping schools safe | ontario.ca Skip to main content Ontario.ca needs JavaScript to function properly and provide you with a fast, stable experience. To have a better experience, you need to: Go to your browser's settings Enable JavaScript Read the plan to safely reopen Ontario and continue to follow the restrictions and public health measures. Government of Ontario home page Search Clear search × Search Search Search Clear search × Search Français fr Menu Arts and culture Business and economy COVID-19 Driving and roads Education and training Government Health and wellness Home and community Jobs and employment Law and safety Rural and north Taxes and benefits Travel and recreation Home COVID-19 COVID-19: Keeping schools safe Find out what we’re doing to keep students and schools safe during COVID-19covid 19 and for the 2021-2022 school year. On this page Skip this page navigation Find out what we’re doing to improve safety in schools Find out how we’re protecting the health, safety and well-being of students and staff to support a safer return to in-person learning. Health and safety measures Read the health and safety measures for school and child care. Ventilation improvements Learn what we are doing to improve air quality at school. Vaccines for students and staff Get the facts and book a COVID-19covid 19 vaccine. Mental health support Get mental health and wellness support for your child. Health and safety measures Ventilation improvements Vaccines for students and staff Mental health supports Health and safety measures at schools All public and private schools will return to in-person learning for the 2021-22 school year. Remote learning will continue to be an option for families. Here are some of the measures that will be in place to keep kids safe at school. Provincewide ventilation improvements: school boards will continue to optimize air quality in classrooms and learning environments through improving ventilation or filtration. Learn more about ventilation improvements. Wearing a mask: students in Grades 1 to 12 must a wear mask or face covering in schools and on school transportation we encourage students in kindergarten to wear a mask or face covering school staff and school bus drivers must wear medical masks Students and staff must screen for COVID-19covid 19 symptoms every day Extra-curricular activities will be allowed with some modifications Students can share materials during recess, in shared spaces and indoors with appropriate physical distancing Regular hand washing or using alcohol-based hand sanitizer and other everyday actions like sneezing and coughing into your sleeve Shared spaces will be allowed, for example homerooms, libraries, tech labs and cafeterias, when they follow indoor gathering measures Read measures for schools Read measures for child care Screen before you go Take the COVID-19covid 19 screening every day before you go to school or child care. We update the screening tool based on public health advice. Monitor cases in schools Get the data about COVID-19covid 19 cases in schools. Monitor cases in child care Get the data about COVID-19covid 19 cases in licensed child care. Ontario intends to introduce a vaccination disclosure policy for all publicly-funded school board employees, and staff in private schools as well as for all staff in licensed child care settings for the 2021-22 school year, with rapid antigen testing requirements for staff who are not immunized against COVID-19. Learn more. Improving ventilation As part of our plan to keep students and schools safe for the 2021-2022 school year, school boards have improved ventilation in classrooms. This includes: running ventilation systems longer to improve air flow and using higher grade filters (for example, MERV 13) increasing frequency of filter changes increasing fresh air intake at schools with mechanical ventilation having standalone high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filter units in all occupied classrooms, gyms, libraries and other instructional spaces that don’t have mechanical ventilation having standalone high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filter units in junior and senior kindergarten classrooms in schools with mechanical ventilation School boards must inspect and maintain ventilation systems throughout the year to ensure they are in good working order. 99% of schools in Ontario have increased fresh air intake, are using higher-grade filters and running ventilation system longer. Check your school board’s website to find out about ventilation improvements, such as the number of HEPA filter units in place. Other upgrades We are also building better infrastructure by: supporting remote learning by investing in network and broadband infrastructure installing water bottle refilling stations to improve access to safe drinking water supporting renovations to enable better physical distancing Vaccines Vaccines are safe, effective and the best way to stay protected from COVID-19covid 19. They are an important tool to help to stop the spread of the virus and allow students and families to safely resume activities. Get the facts about vaccines for youth ages 12 to 17. Learn about booking a COVID-19covid 19 vaccine in Ontario. Find mental health services If this is an emergency or you or someone you know is in immediate danger, call 911 or go to your nearest hospital or emergency department. There are mental health services for children and youth who are feeling anxious or are experiencing other mental health or addiction challenges. Many services are available online or by phone. Contact your child’s principal to learn about mental health supports and services at your child’s school. Support for students and youth Find mental health programs and services for children and youth up to age 18 Get tools to support student mental health during COVID-19covid 19 Access mental health, addictions services, education and employment services at a youth wellness hub Find resources and webinars for LGBTQI2S students Call a free helpline Call a helpline to speak with a professional counsellor. These helplines are free, anonymous and confidential. You can call 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Children and youth can call the Kids Help Phone at Toll-free: 1-800-668-6868 Postsecondary students can call Good2Talk at Toll-free: 1-866-925-5454 Parent fact sheet in multiple languages English (PDF) Français (French PDF) عربي (Arabic PDF) 中文 (繁體) (Chinese (Traditional) PDF) 中文 (简体) (Chinese (Simplified) PDF) 한국어 (Korean PDF) Português (Portuguese PDF) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi PDF) Español (Spanish PDF) Tagalog (PDF) தமிழ (Tamil PDF) اردو (Urdu PDF) Related COVID-19covid 19: Support for people COVID-19covid 19: Help for businesses in Ontario COVID-19covid 19: Support for workers COVID-19covid 19: Stop the spread Get vaccine facts and COVID-19covid 19 resources in multiple languages Updated: September 27, 2021 Published: July 16, 2021 Image Government of Ontario The Government of Ontario includes ministries, agencies and Crown corporations. about Ontario accessibility news privacy terms of use © Queen’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–to21 Contact us Topics Main menu EN Arts and culture Business and economy COVID-19 Driving and roads Education and training Government Health and wellness Home and community Jobs and employment Law and safety Rural and north Taxes and benefits Travel and recreation
