https://covid-19.ontario.ca/covidalert
Download the COVID Alert mobile app to protect yourself and your community | COVID-19 (coronavirus) in Ontario Skip to main content Read the plan to safely reopen Ontario and continue to follow the restrictions and public health measures. Search Clear field Submit Search Close English Français en fr Main navigation covid-19 covid 19 Proof of vaccination About proof of vaccination Get your proof of vaccination Vaccine proof help Information for businesses Verify Ontario app Verify Ontario app results and support Data Health and restrictions Reopening Ontario Public health measures Stop the spread Testing Vaccines Vaccines for Ontario Ontario’s vaccination plan Getting the COVID-19 vaccine How to book an appointment What to expect Booking and proof of vaccination help Pharmacy locations Vaccine safety Vaccines for First Nations, Inuit and Métis people Vaccines for youth Financial and support services For workers For students and parents Financial and mental health support Businesses Tools Menu Close menu Mobile navigation - EN Proof of vaccination About proof of vaccination Get your proof of vaccination Vaccine proof help Information for businesses Verify Ontario app Verify Ontario app results and support Data Vaccinations Hospitalizations Case numbers and spread Testing volumes and results Likely source of infection Long-term care homes Health and restrictions Reopening Ontario Public health measures Stop the spread Testing Vaccines Vaccines for Ontario Ontario’s vaccination plan Getting the COVID-19 vaccine Vaccine safety How to book an appointment What to expect Booking and proof of vaccination help Pharmacy locations Vaccines for First Nations, Inuit and Métis people Vaccines for youth Financial and support services For workers For students and parents Financial and mental health support Businesses COVID-19: Help for businesses in Ontario Ontario Together: Help fight COVID-19 Antigen Testing Services Directory Workplace PPE Supplier Directory Small business recovery resources Tools COVID-19: Guidance tools Download the COVID Alert mobile app to protect yourself and your community If you think you have COVID-19 Screen for COVID-19 before going to any public place If your business has  been impacted by COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home COVID-19covid 19 Guidance tools Download the COVID Alert mobile app to protect yourself and your community Get a phone alert if you may have been exposed to COVID-19covid 19 (coronavirus), and let others know if you test positive without sharing any personal information. Download on the app store Get it on Google play Download on the app store Get it on Google play Are you an Ontario business or organization? Get the word out about COVID Alert with free marketing materials for your website, print materials, social media and more. Why download COVIDcovid Alert Along with physical distancing, wearing a mask and other important steps, knowing what to do if you have been exposed to COVID-19covid 19 (coronavirus) is another key way to protect yourself and your community. But how do you know if you’ve been exposed to COVID-19covid 19? And, if you get sick, how can you make sure even strangers you’ve been near take the right steps to protect themselves and others? That’s where COVIDcovid Alert comes in. With the free COVIDcovid Alert app, you can: get a notification if you may have been exposed to COVID-19covid 19 get advice on what to do next tell app users you've been nearby if you test positive for COVID-19covid 19, without sharing any personal information COVIDcovid Alert will not: collect, store or access any personal data, or health information tell you if you’re currently near someone who’s tested positive tell you about outbreaks in your city or neighbourhood COVIDcovid Alert is completely voluntary. You choose to download, use or delete it. The more people who use it, the more effective it will be in helping to protect each other and our communities. Your privacy is important The app does not trace your location. COVIDcovid Alert does not use GPS and will never request location permissions. The app does not collect your contact information. COVIDcovid Alert does not know your name, phone number or any other contact information. No health information is collected. Even if you choose to share that you’ve tested positive, COVIDcovid Alert doesn't share any information that can identify you. You are in control. If you test positive, it's up to you if you want to share your diagnosis with others. Your identity will stay private. Read the full privacy policy How it works As you go about your day, COVIDcovid Alert runs in the background and: uses your smartphone’s built-in Bluetooth function to detect how close you are to other people with the app exchanges anonymous codes with other, nearby app users every 5 minutes saves the codes on your phone for 14 days The random codes cannot be used to identify you or your location. If you test positive, you can use the app to notify others. Here's how: Get your unique one-time key from the Test Results Website Enter your one-time key into the app Give the app details to help narrow down when you were likely most infectious Allow your phone to share your random codes, which will notify people you've been near The app only uses the random codes – it does not collect or share any health information about you. Every day, when you have an internet connection, COVIDcovid Alert looks for matches between the random codes on your phone and the random codes of people who have told the app they have tested positive. Even if it finds matching codes, the app won’t know who they belong to. If the app finds matching codes, it means that: in the past 2 weeks you were within 2 metres of an app user for more than 15 minutes, and that user has since tested positive, or you were in contact with a user who has tested positive during the days they were most infectious (usually two days before their symptoms began) If either of these apply to you, you will get an alert with: a message that you may have been exposed to COVID-19covid 19 advice on what to do next Because no personal information or location data is shared, the app will not know where or when you were exposed. Phone compatibility COVID Alert should work on any smartphone released in the last 5 years including: iPhone 6S or newer, running iOS 13.5 or newer – learn how to: check your iOS version update your iOS version Android devices running Android version 6 or newer – learn how to check and update your Android version Get more information or support Learn more about COVIDcovid Alert from the Government of Canada: Federal COVIDcovid Alert webpage Email 1-833-784-4397 Get more information about privacy While COVIDcovid Alert does not collect any personal information, it may be collected by websites or other services that COVIDcovid Alert links to. Read the full COVIDcovid Alert privacy policy for details, including contact information. If you have a privacy or security complaint, you can contact Ontario's Information and Privacy Commissioner. Preview the app Download on the app store Get it on Google play Tools COVID-19: Guidance Tools Download the COVID Alert mobile app If you think you have COVID-19 Screen for COVID-19 before going to any indoor public place Footer - EN About Ontario Accessibility News Privacy Terms of use Contact us © Queen’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–2021
