https://covid-19.ontario.ca/covid-19-test-and-testing-location-information#testing-positive-or-negative
COVID-19 test and testing location information | COVID-19 (coronavirus) in Ontario Skip to main content Read the plan to safely reopen Ontario and continue to follow the restrictions and public health measures. Search Clear field Submit Search Close English Français en fr Main navigation covid-19 covid 19 Proof of vaccination About proof of vaccination Get your proof of vaccination Vaccine proof help Information for businesses Verify Ontario app Verify Ontario app results and support Data Health and restrictions Reopening Ontario Public health measures Stop the spread Testing Vaccines Vaccines for Ontario Ontario’s vaccination plan Getting the COVID-19 vaccine How to book an appointment What to expect Booking and proof of vaccination help Pharmacy locations Vaccine safety Vaccines for First Nations, Inuit and Métis people Vaccines for youth Financial and support services For workers For students and parents Financial and mental health support Businesses Tools Menu Close menu Mobile navigation - EN Proof of vaccination About proof of vaccination Get your proof of vaccination Vaccine proof help Information for businesses Verify Ontario app Verify Ontario app results and support Data Vaccinations Hospitalizations Case numbers and spread Testing volumes and results Likely source of infection Long-term care homes Health and restrictions Reopening Ontario Public health measures Stop the spread Testing Vaccines Vaccines for Ontario Ontario’s vaccination plan Getting the COVID-19 vaccine Vaccine safety How to book an appointment What to expect Booking and proof of vaccination help Pharmacy locations Vaccines for First Nations, Inuit and Métis people Vaccines for youth Financial and support services For workers For students and parents Financial and mental health support Businesses COVID-19: Help for businesses in Ontario Ontario Together: Help fight COVID-19 Antigen Testing Services Directory Workplace PPE Supplier Directory Small business recovery resources Tools COVID-19: Guidance tools Download the COVID Alert mobile app to protect yourself and your community If you think you have COVID-19 Screen for COVID-19 before going to any public place If your business has  been impacted by COVID-19 Breadcrumb Home COVID-19covid 19 COVID-19 test and testing location information What you need to know before, during, and after a test at an assessment centre, pharmacy, or community lab. Last updated: September 28, 2021 Find a testing location Where and when to get tested Anyone who needs a test under the provincial testing guidelines can get one at no cost. Depending on your situation, you may be able to get a COVID-19covid 19 test at: COVID-19covid 19 assessment centres (including mobile and temporary sites) participating community labs participating pharmacies Some locations may have certain restrictions (for example, some are unable to test young children). At assessment centres and participating community labs (including mobile and temporary sites in priority areas) You can get a COVID-19covid 19 test at an assessment centre or participating community lab if any of the following apply to you: Symptoms and exposure currently experiencing COVID-19covid 19 symptoms have been exposed to a COVID-19covid 19-positive person (if you know when you were exposed, get tested 7 days after your last exposure and stay in self-isolation. If you do not know when you were exposed, get tested right away) received a Covid Alert app exposure notification a resident or worker in a setting that has a COVID-19covid 19 outbreak, as identified by your local public health unit Long-term care a worker (including support workers), visitor (including caregivers), or government inspector of a long-term care home Temporary Foreign Workers a temporary foreign worker Indigenous a person who identifies as Indigenous a person travelling into remote/isolated First Nation and Indigenous communities for work purposes Surgery and other reasons need a test before a scheduled (non-urgent or emergent) surgery in a region with high community transmission (ask your health care provider) you received a point-of-care test (such as a rapid test) and require a follow-up lab-based test to confirm results a person, and one accompanying caregiver, with written prior approval for out-of-country medical services from the General Manager, OHIP any other targeted testing group as outlined in guidance from the Chief Medical Officer of Health Find a testing location Private COVID-19covid 19 tests, such as for outbound international travel, are available throughout Ontario. You may be charged for a private test. Community labs A community lab is a place where you would typically get blood work done outside of a hospital setting. Not all community labs in all regions participate in COVID-19covid 19 testing. Please refer to the testing finder to find a location near you. At a participating pharmacy You can get a COVID-19covid 19 test at a participating pharmacy if you do not have symptoms, have not been in close physical contact with someone who currently has COVID-19covid 19, are not part of a specific outbreak investigation, and if any of the following apply to you: Long-term care a resident, worker (including support workers), visitor (including caregivers), or government inspector of a long-term care home Indigenous a person who identifies as Indigenous a person travelling into remote/isolated First Nation and Indigenous communities for work purposes Other reasons a person who needs out-of-country medical services, and one accompanying caregiver (with written prior approval from the OHIP General Manager as requested by a referring physician) a temporary foreign worker Find a testing location Groups targeted for testing by the Ministry of Health, Ministry of Long-term Care, or Public Health Ontario may change from time to time. You should confirm your eligibility for a COVID-19covid 19 test with your health care provider before seeking testing. Still not sure? Take our self-assessment to help you decide what to do or speak with your health care provider if you think the above criteria does not apply to you. Read the latest provincial testing guidance. Cleaning and safety standards We understand that going to a testing location may be stressful. Please know that testing locations have very high cleaning and safety standards to make sure the virus does not spread. The testing location staff: wear the appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE) disinfect using the highest-quality cleaning products make sure everyone is physically distancing About the test Most testing locations use a long, flexible swab to collect a sample through your nose. You may feel some discomfort for a little while after. The swab is: put in one nostril rotated around for 5 to 10 seconds sometimes put into the other nostril Most swabs go deep to rub against the inner side of the nose. It may feel like when you get water up your nose – temporarily uncomfortable, but not painful. Some testing locations use less invasive collection methods such as throat swabs or collection of saliva. In the lab The sample is sent to a lab for viral testing, also known as real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) testing. This test detects viral genetic material and is the most accurate. Certain private clinics may take blood to do an antibody or serology test to tell you if you had the virus in the past. This test has significant limitations and is not used routinely in Ontario, except in limited situations. Ask your doctor or health care provider for more information. Learn more about how samples are tested for COVID-19covid 19. What to bring with you your Ontario health (OHIP) card (you can still get tested if you do not have one) a face covering or mask (wear one at all times) assistive or accessibility devices (if you need them) snacks (if you must eat every so often for medical reasons) At the testing location Follow public health measures, including: wearing a face covering or mask (only take it down below your nose when you are told to) keeping at least 2 metres away from people you do not live with washing or sanitizing your hands often How long the testing process takes Between the screening and the swab, it should take about 10 to 30 minutes. Time at each location varies. Bringing people with you If possible, please avoid bringing people with you (if they are not getting tested as well). If you need someone with you during the test, ask the testing location ahead of time to confirm if this is possible. Getting your test result On average, most results are ready 48 hours after your test. This is not guaranteed and could take longer. Depending on the testing location, you may be able to get your result: online on the Test Results Website if you have a photo (green) health card on another website that the testing location will tell you about by phone The testing location will give you instructions that are specific to your situation. While you wait for your test result If you have COVID-19covid 19 symptoms You should self-isolate (stay at home) while you wait for your result. If you do not have symptoms, but were exposed to a known COVID-19covid 19 case, including getting a Covid Alert notification If you are not fully vaccinated, you should self-isolate while you wait for your test result. If you are fully vaccinated, you do not need to self-isolate while awaiting test results, but you should self-monitor for symptoms and follow COVID-19covid 19 public health measures including wearing a face covering. If you do not have symptoms and were not exposed You can continue as normal while you wait for your result and follow COVID-19covid 19 public health measures, including wearing a face covering, frequent handwashing, and maintaining physical distance from those outside your household. Pay attention to your health to note if anything changes. Testing positive or negative Positive A positive result means it is likely that you have the virus. You must self-isolate (stay at home) until public health clears you. Your household members must also arrange to have a COVID-19covid 19 test and self-isolate if they are not fully vaccinated or if they are informed to do so by public health. You can request a one-time key to enter into the COVID Alert mobile app. This notifies other people who have the app that they have been near someone who tested positive, without sharing any personal information. Your local public health unit will contact you either by phone call or text message and ask you contact tracing questions. They will also let you know when you can stop self-isolating. All people that you were in close contact with 48 hours before you developed COVID-19covid 19 symptoms (or 48 hours before your test if you never had symptoms) should be told to seek testing for COVID-19covid 19. Close contacts include: Anyone that you were within 2 metres (6 feet) of for 15 minutes or more, even if you were both wearing a mask (e.g., co-workers, social gatherings). Anyone you had multiple close (within 2 metres) encounters with (even if each was less than 15 minutes). Anyone you had close physical contact with such as shaking hands or hugging. People you live with or provided care to (bathing, feeding, dressing) Contact your doctor or health care provider for more information and guidance. If you develop severe symptoms requiring medical attention, such as shortness of breath or chest pain, call 911 and inform them that you have COVID-19covid 19. Negative A negative result means we were not able to detect the virus at the time of your test. You should continue to follow COVID-19covid 19 public health measures, including wearing a face covering, frequent handwashing, and maintaining physical distance from those outside your household. Pay attention to your health to note if anything changes. If you were exposed to a COVID-19covid 19-positive person and test negative If you are not fully vaccinated, you must continue to self-isolate for 10 days after your last exposure with that person, even if you test negative. If you are fully vaccinated, you do not need to self-isolate unless your public health unit informs you that you should. Rapid tests (also known as “point-of-care” tests) Learn about rapid tests that can provide results in about 15 minutes and help stop the spread of COVID-19covid 19. There are two kinds of rapid tests: Rapid point-of-care (POC) tests How they work Rapid point-of-care molecular tests detect the virus’ genetic material to confirm if you have COVID-19covid 19. A health care professional or other trained individual will collect a fluid sample by swabbing either your: nose throat On average, results from your rapid POC molecular test will be ready within 15 minutes. Where we’re using them We are using rapid POC molecular tests primarily in rural and remote settings. This is because: turnaround times for traditional lab-based PCR test results may be slower in these areas we are supporting community-led efforts to prevent the spread of COVID-19covid 19 in rural and remote regions, including Indigenous communities Public health units across the province will also use them to help detect positive cases more quickly. For example, rapid testing may be used in early outbreak investigations and testing campaigns for vulnerable populations, like people who are homeless or people living in congregate settings. Rapid antigen tests How they work Rapid antigen tests detect certain proteins in the virus to confirm if it is present. A sample is collected using a swab in the nose and/or throat or nasopharynx (behind your nose and above the back of your throat). Results from your rapid antigen test will be ready in about 15 minutes. Where we’re using them Rapid antigen tests are available for screening people with no symptoms (asymptomatic). Many workplaces are using rapid antigen tests to routinely screen asymptomatic employees and other approved groups that aren’t fully vaccinated, to help keep workplaces safe and prevent the spread of COVID-19covid 19. Eligible workplaces can access tests for free. For more information on the use of rapid antigen tests, please visit the COVID-19covid 19 Guidance: Considerations for Antigen Point-of-Care Testing. Find out if your organization can apply to get free rapid test kits. If you test positive on a rapid antigen test Rapid antigen tests are not as accurate as diagnostic tests. A positive result on a rapid antigen screen is considered a preliminary positive. Those who test positive on a rapid antigen test must get a follow-up lab-based PCR test or a rapid point-of-care molecular test immediately (within 48 hours) to confirm the result. Confirm your rapid antigen test result with a diagnostic test by making an appointment at a designated testing centre. If you do not get a confirmatory test after your positive result on the antigen test, you should remain self-isolated until 10 days have passed since your positive antigen test result. If you do not get a confirmatory test you should also inform everyone that you were in close contact with 48 hours before your positive antigen result that they should self-isolate and get tested for COVID-19covid 19. Read the latest provincial testing guidance. Self-test kits Self-test kits have been approved by Health Canada and are being sold in retail locations in Ontario. These are rapid point-of-care molecular tests that can be used at home by people who do not have symptoms and have not been exposed to COVID-19covid 19. Self-test kits are not the same as self-collection kits, which are still sent to the laboratory for confirmatory testing. The Government of Ontario continues to provide free rapid test kits and free lab-based PCR tests for those who are eligible, including high-risk sectors. Where self-test kits are available for purchase You can buy self-test kits without a prescription at participating pharmacies, stores and online retailers. When to use a self-test You can only use self-test if you do not have symptoms and have not been exposed to COVID-19covid 19. If you have symptoms or have been exposed to COVID-19covid 19, you can get a free test provided by the Government of Ontario at an assessment centre or a participating community lab. You should self-isolate until you get a negative test result back. Find a testing location near you. If you test positive on a COVID-19covid 19 self-test you purchased If you test positive on a self-test, you must get a confirmatory test within 48 hours, which the Government of Ontario provides free of charge. Confirmatory tests are available at designated testing centres. You should self-isolate until you receive a result. Find a testing location near you. Mandatory testing at airport and land borders with the United States Air travel All unvaccinated travellers arriving to Canada by air, with some exceptions, will be required to take two COVID-19covid 19 molecular tests: when they arrive in Canada before exiting the airport toward the end of their 14-day quarantine period Most fully vaccinated travellers will not be required to take a COVID-19covid 19 test on-arrival. Fully vaccinated travellers may be randomly selected for mandatory testing and do not need to quarantine unless they test positive. Learn more about entering Ontario by air from another country during COVID-19covid 19. Land travel As of February 15, the federal government requires all travellers arriving in Canada by land, with some exceptions, to provide proof of either a: negative COVID-19covid 19 molecular test taken in the USA within 72 hours before arriving positive test taken 14 to 90 days before arrival if you’ve recovered from and continue to test positive for COVID-19covid 19 Once in Canada, unvaccinated travelers will be required to quarantine for 14 days, unless they meet certain exceptions. As of August 9, unvaccinated travellers entering at land borders are still required to take a COVID-19covid 19 molecular test upon arrival as well as toward the end of their 14-day quarantine. Most fully vaccinated travellers will not be required to take a COVID-19covid 19 test on-arrival. Some fully vaccinated travellers may be randomly selected for mandatory on-arrival testing. Learn more about entering Ontario by land from another country during COVID-19covid 19. Footer - EN About Ontario Accessibility News Privacy Terms of use Contact us © Queen’s Printer for Ontario, 2012–2021
