https://food-guide.canada.ca/en/tips-for-healthy-eating/teens/
Healthy eating for teens - Canada's Food Guide Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Françaisfr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here Canada.ca Health Food and nutrition Canada's food guide Tips for healthy eating Life stages Canada’s food guide Healthy eating for teens Learn why healthy eating is important for teens. On this page Why healthy eating matters Healthy eating habits Why healthy eating matters You have likely heard that healthy eating is important. But maybe you think these messages do not apply to you. Healthy eating is important at every age. Healthy eating is about: the foods you choose developing healthy eating habits learning skills, like how to: plan shop prepare healthy foods Healthy eating can benefit you in the short and long term. Creating healthy habits as a teen can help you develop habits that will last a lifetime. Healthy eating may: be good for the environment help you feel good and give you more energy help you perform better in activities that are important to you, such as: sports school hobbies By preparing your own food, you can: save money learn new cooking skills make foods that you enjoy become more independent In the long term, healthy eating can help reduce your risk of developing chronic diseases that can impact your health and well-being. Healthy eating can be seen as a challenge because you may: think healthy eating costs more find it easier to eat away from home feel too rushed to make a healthy meal or snack think healthy eating is only needed if you are “unhealthy” Healthy eating is an important part of healthy living now and in the future. Healthy eating habits Working on building healthy eating habits and focusing on your overall health can be more important than focusing on your body weight. Use these ideas to develop habits that help make the healthy choice the easy choice. Get involved Helping plan and prepare meals can give you the confidence you need to make healthy choices. Getting involved means you can help your family choose healthy foods. This is a great chance to take charge and learn new skills. Try helping with: grocery shopping preparing meals and snacks being responsible for certain meals meal planning and creating a grocery list Plan meals and snacks Life can be busy. Planning ahead can be the key to healthy eating. Mornings can be rushed, but eating breakfast is important. If you often skip breakfast, think of the reasons why and plan ways to overcome these. Try preparing your breakfast the night before. Do you have an activity early in the morning? Think about bringing breakfast with you. Thinking about your day ahead and planning to bring food can help you choose healthier options and save money. This can help you avoid being as tempted by foods around you, such as those in vending machines. Planning and packing snacks often gets forgotten. When planning and preparing lunches, don’t forget about your snacks. When you get home, you may be tempted to grab the first thing you see. Plan ahead and prepare some healthy snacks. Eat meals with your family Eating meals with others is an important part of healthy eating. The meals you eat with your family can give you a chance to connect with your family. This can help you: develop healthy habits learn about culture and food traditions build and strengthen family relationships Eat without distractions Focus all of your attention on eating. Turn off the TV and put away your phone, lap-top or other screens. When you are distracted while you eat, you can lose track of how much you have eaten. Be aware of food marketing Food marketing comes in many forms, such as: branding sponsorships ads on social media Food marketing tries to impact how and what you choose to eat. Most foods that are advertised are highly processed foods. Follow the healthy eating recommendation to help you become aware of how food marketing can influence your choices. Make it a habit to choose healthy foods Try including vegetables and fruits at every meal and snack. They are filled with nutrients that your body needs. They also make a great snack when you are on the go. When deciding what to drink, make water your drink of choice. Carry a reusable water bottle so you always have water with you. Be a champion You can have an impact on others. Talk to your parents about healthy eating. You can encourage them to take sugary drinks and other highly processed foods off your family’s grocery list. Not having these foods and drinks in the house means you will likely make heathier food choices. You can also suggest ideas for healthy meals your whole family will enjoy. It doesn’t just have to be at home. You can also talk to your: friends coaches teachers Think about: how you can make the healthy choice the easy choice at school and in your community how you can use healthy foods to celebrate at class parties or sporting events joining the student council to ensure there are healthy choices available for everyone Make a healthy choice What you eat on a regular basis matters for your health. Choose foods that have little to no added sodium, sugars or saturated fat. Compare the nutrition facts table on foods to choose products that are lower in sodium, sugars or saturated fat. Further reading Cook more often Take time to eat Eat meals with others Sugary drinks Mac and cheese with a veggie twist Benefits of water (Transcript) With described video Report a problem or mistake on this page You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Date modified: 2021-07-21 For recipes and more food guide resources visit: Canada.ca/FoodGuide About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
