https://food-guide.canada.ca/en/healthy-eating-recommendations/eat-meals-others/
Eat meals with others - Canada's Food Guide Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Skip to section menu Language selection Françaisfr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here Canada.ca Health Food and nutrition Canada's food guide Healthy eating recommendations Canada’s food guide Eat meals with others Eating meals with others is a part of healthy eating. On this page Benefits of eating with others How to eat with others more often More information for families More information for seniors Benefits of eating with others Enjoying healthy foods with family, friends, neighbours or co-workers is a great way to connect and add enjoyment to your life. It can provide many benefits and contribute to a healthy lifestyle. By eating with others you can: enjoy quality time together share food traditions across generations and cultures explore new healthy foods that you might not normally try Food is often a main part of celebrations and special events. However, eating with others doesn’t have to be saved for special events. How to eat with others more often Making time to enjoy meals with others doesn’t just happen. With busy schedules at work, school and home, making time to enjoy your meals with others can often get pushed aside. The key to making it happen often starts with a plan. You could: plan a breakfast date with friends participate in community celebrations and feasts start a regular community meal with your neighbours have lunch with a co-worker at work or friend at school ask your local community centre about groups you could join plan a weekly dinner with extended family members or friends eat dinner with: roommates a neighbour family members start a dinner party among your friends where everyone takes a turn hosting When you eat with others, it’s important to remember to: Take your time. Don’t feel the need to rush. Enjoy your food and the social aspect of being together. Put away distractions like the TV or electronics. This can help you be mindful of your food choices. Use it as a chance to connect. Talk to those around you and share what is going on in everyone’s life. More information for families Mealtime is a great opportunity to bring the family together. Eating together as a family benefits everyone. It can help the whole family: share and connect with one another take time to enjoy and relax over a meal talk about events that occurred during their day Kids especially can benefit from regular family meals as they are starting to develop their eating habits and behaviours. Eating together as a family can help kids: explore new healthy foods establish healthy eating routines improve their overall eating pattern explore cultural and traditional foods As a parent or caregiver, you can be a positive role model. By practising healthy eating habits, you can help create a positive relationship with food and the foods kids will eat. More information for seniors Seniors often tend to eat alone. This can result in a sense of isolation and feelings of loneliness, especially at mealtimes. These feelings, along with other changes you may experience as you age, can result in a loss of appetite. Eating less can impact your intake of important nutrients. By eating with others more often, you can: make mealtime more sociable spend more time eating and enjoying a meal increase the amount of food you eat, which can help you get more of the important nutrients you need for health Having a meal with friends or neighbours or participating in a community meal program are great ways to eat with others. Further reading Take time to eat Be mindful of your eating habits Healthy eating for parents and children Healthy eating for seniors Report a problem or mistake on this page You must have JavaScript enabled to use this form. Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Date modified: 2020-10-14 Section Menu Healthy food choices Eat a variety of healthy foods Expand Eat plenty of vegetables and fruits Eat whole grain foods Eat protein foods Choose foods with healthy fats Limit highly processed foods Expand Prepare foods with healthy ingredients Choose healthier menu options Make water your drink of choice Expand Replace sugary drinks Expand Sugary drinks and your teen Use food labels Be aware of food marketing Expand Limit kids’ exposure to food marketing Healthy eating habits Be mindful of your eating habits Expand Take time to eat Notice your hunger cues Cook more often Expand Plan what you eat Involve others Enjoy your food Expand Include culture and food traditions Eat meals with others For recipes and more food guide resources visit: Canada.ca/FoodGuide About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
