https://www.healthlinkbc.ca/healthy-eating/eating-together
The Benefits of Eating Together For Children and Families | HealthLink BC Skip to main content https://www.healthlinkbc.ca/healthy-eating/eating-together Call 8-1-1 Find More Information on the Government of BC Website British Columbians & Our Governments Health Birth, Adoption, Death, Marriage & Divorce Education & Training Driving & Transportation Public Safety & Emergency Services Law, Crime & Justice Taxes & Tax Credits Housing & Tenancy Sports, Recreation, Arts & Culture Environmental Protection & Sustainability Farming, Natural Resources & Industry Employment, Business & Economic Development Tourism & Immigration Family & Social Supports GOV.BC.CA MENU Search Call 8-1-1 Contact Us About Us Other Languages Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Call 8-1-1 Contact Us About Us Other Languages Home Healthy Eating For Everyone For Your Age and Stage For Healthy Weight For Your Condition For Schools and Communities For Professionals Physical Activity For Everyone For Your Condition Forms and Tools Mental Health & Substance Use Mental Health Substance Use Resources Medical Tests Medications Health Topics Search Health Topics Interactive Tools Common Health Concerns Learning Centres Informed Health Decisions Disease and Injury Prevention Decision Points Tools & Videos B.C. Immunization Schedules Check Your Symptoms Decision Points Interactive Tools Factsheet Generator Brand Name Food List Services & Resources HealthLinkBC Files Resource Order Form Find Services BC Health Service Locator App About 8-1-1 BC HealthGuide Handbook Translated Resources Useful Websites Public Health Alerts Home Healthy Eating The Benefits of Eating Together For Children and Families Print Feedback Email a link Share Show Section Navigation For Everyone For Your Age and Stage For Healthy Weight For Your Condition For Schools and Communities For Professionals The Benefits of Eating Together For Children and Families Download PDF: English Chinese Farsi French Korean Punjabi Spanish Vietnamese Today’s busy lifestyle can make eating together a challenge, but it’s worth the effort it takes. There are nutrition, health, social, and mental benefits to eating with others. Here are some tips and strategies to help you get started. Schedule Time to Eat Together Eating together can happen at breakfast, lunch or dinner. Choose the meal that gives you the most time to talk and connect. If you don’t usually eat together, start by scheduling one meal per week and increase the number as you are able. Circle your friends and family around healthy foods as often as you can. The more you eat together, the more you benefit. Try to schedule activities so that they don’t interfere with mealtimes. If that’s not possible, create a meal together around a picnic table in a park on the way to piano lessons or rink-side before hockey. Tip: Once you decide what meal you are going to eat together, mark it on your calendar like you would any other event. If you have a plan, it is more likely to happen. Everyone Can Help Plan & Prepare Meals Eating together is more likely to happen when everyone helps. Involve kids of all ages in planning, shopping for and preparing meals. These are important life skills that can help us eat well. Children and others new to the kitchen can help in the following ways: take foods out of the fridge or cupboard, tear up lettuce for a salad, sprinkle cheese on a pizza, help wash fruits and vegetables, layer fixings in a sandwich, or put muffin liners in the pan. Kids with more experience in the kitchen can do the following: crack eggs, toss a salad, measure ingredients, stir ingredients in a bowl, put batter into muffin tins, roll balls of cookie dough and put them on the baking sheet, or pick herbs from the garden. Children are more likely to eat the foods they help you to prepare. Cooking together is a great way to connect with each other and have fun! Use a combination of fresh ingredients and ready-made foods to make fast, easy meals. Over time, make more from scratch. Remember, the meal doesn’t have to be perfect. It’s the time together that’s important. Cooking is a great time to teach about food safety. Remind children to wash their hands before and after preparing food, to wash vegetables and fruit before eating, and not to mix ready-to-eat foods with foods that need to be cooked. Cooking together is also a great way to teach kids about kitchen safety. Always supervise their activities. Getting burned or cut puts an end to the fun fast! Tip: If you aren’t confident in the kitchen, choose simple and familiar recipes. This will help you enjoy your time together instead of trying to figure out the next step in the recipe. Make Mealtimes about Being Together Eating together provides a time to be connected. This helps children feel loved, safe and secure. Focus on enjoying each other’s company, not on what or how much each child is eating. Use meal times to teach children about family values and traditions. Keep mealtime conversations positive. Encourage children to talk about their day. This helps to develop more communication between family members. Schedule difficult or disciplinary conversations for some time other than meals. Tip: Turn off distractions like the TV, computer, tablets and phones during mealtimes. Keep toys and books off the table. Model Positive Eating Behaviour You are an important role model for good table manners, trying new foods, and enjoying mealtimes. Children and youth are more likely to eat foods their parents and family also enjoy eating. Make offering new foods part of your regular mealtime routine. Children often need to see, smell, and touch a food many times before trying it. Offer new foods with familiar foods and include foods your child has refused in the past. Not everyone likes every food, and that’s okay. Encourage kids to say “no, thank you,” or teach them what you would like them to do or say if they don’t want to eat something. Trust children to show or tell you how much they want to eat and when they are finished eating. An important part of healthy eating is learning to stop when they are full. Being forced or pressured to finish food can make your child ignore their internal hunger and fullness cues. Try not to rush children through a meal. Children often take longer to eat than adults. Remind children to eat slowly, chew their food well and enjoy what they are eating. Health and Social Benefits to Eating Together People of all ages eat better when they share a meal with others. They tend to eat more fruits and vegetables and other nutrient-rich foods. They also eat less pop and fried foods. Eating together gives young children the chance to learn more words and how to communicate better. Other benefits for kids and teens include: healthier eating into adulthood healthier body weight lower risk of disordered eating less use of cigarettes, drugs, and alcohol fewer behaviour problems and decreased early sexual activity better self-esteem and less depression better grades and higher scores on achievement tests at school The benefits of eating together are greatest if you don’t eat in front of the TV and other screens. For More Information There are local and national resources to help you get started: Better Together: www.bettertogetherbc.ca. Check out ‘Blog’ and ‘Kid-Friendly Recipes’ to get you excited about cooking together, and ‘Learning’ to discover tips, resources and ideas for overcoming challenges. Family Kitchen: www.familykitchen.ca. Check out the ‘Getting Started’ for steps to success, and ‘Recipes & Ideas’ for beginner, intermediate and advanced-level cooks. The Ellyn Satter Institute: www.ellynsatterinstitute.org. Check out Master Family Meals Step By Step for information on how to make family meals healthy, positive experiences for all family members. Last Updated: April 2017 These resources are provided as sources of additional information believed to be reliable and accurate at the time of publication and should not be considered an endorsement of any information, service, product or company. Distributed by: Dietitian Services at HealthLinkBC (formerly Dial-A-Dietitian), providing free nutrition information and resources for BC residents and health professionals. Go to Healthy Eating or call 8-1-1 (anywhere in BC). Interpreters are available in over 130 languages. Contact a Dietitian If you have any questions about healthy eating, food, or nutrition, call 8-1-1 (or 7-1-1 for the deaf and hard of hearing) toll-free in B.C. You can speak to a health service navigator who can connect you with one of our registered dietitians, who are available 9am to 5pm Monday to Friday. You can also leave a message after hours. Translations services are available in more than 130 languages. HealthLinkBC Dietitians can also answer your questions by email. Email a HealthLinkBC Dietitian Is it an emergency? If you or someone in your care has chest pains, difficulty breathing, or severe bleeding, it could be a life-threatening emergency. Call 9-1-1 or the local emergency number immediately. If you are concerned about a possible poisoning or exposure to a toxic substance, call Poison Control now at 1-800-567-8911. Thanks to our partners and endorsers: Home About HealthLink BC About Gov.BC.CA Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Copyright Contact Us Call 8-1-1
