https://www.canada.ca/en/services/health/campaigns/drug-prevention/prescription-drug-abuse-testimonial-videos.html#s1
Problematic drug use: videos - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Health Canada’s opioid overdose crisis Problematic drug use: videos The problematic use of drugs, both legal and illegal, can have serious health risks. It can also damage families and relationships. Learn more about the risks of opioids and hear the true stories of young Canadians and their families affected by problematic opioid use and opioid use disorder. On this page Opioid videos Testimonial videos Opioid videos Opioid awareness campaign Video Gallery Full/Transcript Get the facts about opioids and how they can lead to overdose and death if used improperly. Good Samaritan law Video Gallery Full/Transcript Stay until help arrives. The Good Samaritan Law can protect you. Testimonial videos Étienne's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Listen to Étienne's story about how his problematic prescription drug use took over his life, and how therapy helped him recover. Marie-Louise's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Listen to Marie-Louise's story about how one pill to help her sleep led to 6 years of a substance use disorder, and even jail. Also find out how she got help and recovered. Samuel's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Hear Samuel's story about his substance use disorder, especially opioids, the negative effects it had on his health and life in general, and how he recovered. Kristina's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Discover Kristina's story. She is a registered practical nurse that specializes in drug treatment. Every day she sees people suffering the effects of opioid use disorder. Karlee's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Listen to Karlee's story about substance use disorder, its negative effects on her life and how she recovered. Jordan's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Listen to Jordan's story and how his dependence on pain medication led to tragedy. Meagan's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Hear Meagan's story about how her problematic prescription drug use quickly turned into an unshakeable substance use disorder. Also find out how she got treatment. Tom's story Video Gallery Full/Transcript Discover Tom's story about his dependence on painkillers, how it took over his life and how treatment helped. Learn about the opioid crisis in Canada Talking with teenagers about drugs Learn about problematic substance use and substance use disorder Where to find help with problematic substance use How to talk to a friend or family member about drugs Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2021-06-10 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
