https://windsorstar.com/opinion/letters/guest-column-the-covid-19-vaccine-is-safe-and-here-is-why
Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why | Windsor Star Skip to Content Sign up Stay informed with our newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage, delivered to your inbox. Stay informed with our local coronavirus coverage, delivered to your inbox. Sign up now> Manage Print Subscription Sections Search Search windsorstar.com Perform search Windsor Star Share Share this Story: Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Subscribe Main Menu Search windsorstar.com Perform search News Local News COVID-19 National COVID-19 Election 2021 PostPandemic World Weather Podcasts Archives Sports Local Sports Hockey NHL Windsor Spitfires Football NFL NCAA Football CFL Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Fighting Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Arts Celebrity Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Music Books Business Automotive Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Local Business Open during COVID Featured Businesses Energy FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business MoneyWise Canada Borrowing Money Future Money Growing Money Life Milestones Shopping Essentials Home Living Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health Healthing Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Royals Travel Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Advice Horoscopes Contests Obituaries Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Working Real Estate Showcase Real Estate E-Edition Shopping This Week's Flyers Auction Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Healthing The GrowthOp Newsletters ePaper Refer a Friend Subscribe Manage Print Subscription My Account Our Offers FAQ News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Driving Healthing The GrowthOp Newsletters ePaper Refer a Friend Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Share this Story: Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Breadcrumb Trail Links Letters Editorials Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why Author of the article: Reader Letters Publishing date: Oct 30, 2021 • October 30, 2021 • 3 minute read • 5 Comments Exterior of the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit is shown in this 2020 file photo. Photo by Dax Melmer /Windsor Star Article content Over 630,000 doses of COVID-19 vaccines have been administered to residents of Windsor and Essex County and nearly 58 million doses have been administered throughout Canada, yet many are still questioning their safety or effectiveness. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content As Acting Medical Officer of Health, I understand the benefits of vaccination in limiting the number of cases of COVID-19 in our community and they far outweigh potential risks associated with vaccination. We apologize, but this video has failed to load. Try refreshing your browser, or tap here to see other videos from our team. Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why Back to video In fact, serious side effects after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine, such as allergic reactions, are extremely rare. What is not so easily treated are the negative outcomes that people may have when they contract COVID-19. According to Health Canada, about three in every 1,000 Canadians who received a dose administered have reported an adverse reaction following immunization. Among those, 0.009 per cent of these events classified as serious. That means that out of 100,000 Canadians, nine people may experience an adverse event. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Similar to other vaccines, mild to moderate time-limited side effects are common when receiving the COVID-19 vaccine. These may include pain or redness at the injection site, a mild fever, headache, tiredness or muscle aches. Experiencing mild side effects can be expected and indicates the vaccine is working to provide protection. Since the start of the administration of COVID-19 vaccines in Canada, 84 per cent of new cases of the disease have been among unvaccinated people compared to 11 per cent of new cases having been in partially vaccinated individuals and five per cent in people fully vaccinated. Unvaccinated people presently account for the most hospitalizations and deaths related to COVID-19 in our country. There is a much greater risk of serious illness if you choose to remain unvaccinated compared to if you are fully vaccinated. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content People who are fully vaccinated who become infected with COVID-19 are likely to have mild symptoms from the virus or none at all. Fully vaccinated people are not only less likely to become infected and have symptoms they are also much less likely to spread the disease to others if they contract COVID-19. Even with months of data collected and millions of doses administered in Canada, many residents continue to obtain their information from misleading sources — mainly online. COVID-19 vaccines are safe and strongly recommended for anyone in the vaccine approved age group, regardless of sex, race, profession or whether you are pregnant or breastfeeding. COVID-19 vaccines were rigorously tested during their development and continue to be carefully reviewed by Health Canada to ensure they are safe. Individuals with allergies, autoimmune conditions and those who are immunocompromised are encouraged to discuss vaccination with their health care provider beforehand to avoid potential adverse events. Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content Despite what you may have read online, the myths about COVID-19 vaccines are simply not true. The COVID-19 vaccine ingredients do not include eggs, gelatin or pork, gluten, latex, preservatives, antibiotics, aluminum or fetal cells. The vaccines do not contain a “microchip” and do not track people or personal information. In addition, there is no evidence of sterility or infertility linked to a COVID-19 vaccination. Before any vaccines are available in Canada, they undergo clinical trials to determine if they are safe and effective. Health Canada has maintained the same quality standards for review and approval of COVID-19 vaccines as were in place before the pandemic. The development on these vaccines was not rushed, but happened quickly due to what was learned from research on other strains of coronavirus before COVID-19 (for example, SARS and MERS-CoV). Advertisement Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Article content This progress was based on advances in science and technology, international collaboration among scientists, health professionals, researchers, industry and governments, plus increased dedicated funding. When the entire world is working on a problem at once, things can happen quickly, but that does not mean steps important for safety are skipped. I strongly encourage residents who are hesitant in getting the COVID-19 vaccine to get the facts from a trusted source, such as their health care provider or visiting wechu.org. If you are still hesitant, talk with someone you know who is fully vaccinated to learn about their experience. It may help to hear first-hand of someone else’s experience with vaccination. Vaccination is a safe and effective way to help stop the spread of COVID-19. It will help our community get back to life as it was before the pandemic. If you still wish not to get vaccinated to help yourself — please do it for the people that you love. Dr. Shanker Nesathurai is Acting Medical Officer of Health for the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit. Share this article in your social network Share this Story: Guest column: The COVID-19 vaccine is safe — and here is why Copy Link Email Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Windsor Star Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Windsor Star Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again Trending Windsor police arrest suspect in Windsor Assembly Plant explosion Ontario reports highest new daily case count since September Person under 20 dies of COVID in Windsor-Essex Windsor-Essex eager for lifting of PCR test rule for short-term cross-border travel Simon Fraser scientist says COVID booster may not be necessary for all Canadians This Week in Flyers Comments Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion and encourage all readers to share their views on our articles. Comments may take up to an hour for moderation before appearing on the site. We ask you to keep your comments relevant and respectful. We have enabled email notifications—you will now receive an email if you receive a reply to your comment, there is an update to a comment thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information and details on how to adjust your email settings. Categories News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Driving E-Paper Subscribe Follow the Windsor Star Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use Copyright My Account 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2021 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Notice for the Postmedia Network This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. OK
