https://www.wechu.org/workplace-health-programs/workplace-wellness-planning-and-evaluation-resources
Workplace Wellness Planning and Evaluation Resources | The Windsor-Essex County Health Unit Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home About Us Jobs Events Forms Newsroom Reports Inspections Contact Us Search form Search Website Header Windsor | Leamington 519-258-2146 | 1-800-265-5822 Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Toggle navigation Site Content Navigation COVID-19 Check Your Results Frequently Asked Questions Information for... Events, Gatherings, Weddings, Funerals, Religious Rites or Ceremonies Farms & Temporary Foreign Workers Healthcare Providers Individuals & Families Individuals with Symptoms, Positive Cases, Close Contacts Long-term Care Homes & Shelters Schools & Childcare Centres Workplaces, Organizations & Facilities Local Data Potential Public Exposures Self-Assessment Testing Locations Vaccines Get Your COVID-19 Vaccine - WEVax Get Your Vaccination Receipt Information for Health Care Workers Local Vaccination Statistics Ministry Resources Classes and Clinics Classes Epinephrine Auto-Injector E-Learning Course Food Handler Course Food Safety for All ISPA Non-Medical Conscience or Religious Exemption Education Personal Service Settings E-Learning Course Pool and Spa Course Prenatal Classes Ryan's Law: Asthma in the School E-Learning Course Triple P Positive Parenting Program Tuberculosis (TB) Course Clinics Breastfeeding Support Clinic Car Seat Clinic Health Unit Dental Clinics Flu Shot Clinic Immunization Clinics Nurse Practitioner Sexual Health Clinic Your Health A-Z Health Topics Dental Baby Oral Health Program Healthy Smiles Ontario Ontario Seniors Dental Care Program Preventative Dental Services Falls and Injury Prevention Find a Doctor or Health Care Provider Food Safety Inspection Reports Food Safety for Businesses Food Handler Course Special Events Information Special Event/Market Organizer Application Special Event Food Vendor Application Food Safety at Home Food Safety Complaints/Illness Healthy Eating Immunization Your Child's Immunization Record Immunization Requirements for School School Based Immunization Clinics Frequently Asked Questions School Suspensions Local Immunization Coverage IPAC Lapses Physical Activity Substance Use Alcohol Cannabis Supervised Injection Services (SIS) Community Consultation Opioids Smoking & Vaping Visual Health At Home Vision Tests How often does a child need an eye exam? Signs of a Visual Problem Visual Health Resources What are some ways to improve a child’s vision health? Pregnancy and Parenting Ask a Nurse Baby-friendly Initiative Childbirth Feeding Your Baby Feeding Your Child Health Before Pregnancy Home Visiting Program Immunization for your Children Immunization Record Your Environment Air Quality Outdoor Air Quality Hydrogen Sulfide Beaches Pools and Spas Beach Water Testing Beach Safety Blue-Green Algae Bloom Climate Change and Health Drinking Water Boil Water Advisories Fluoride Private Well Water Small Drinking Water Systems Emergency Preparedness Extreme Heat Flooding Nuclear Pandemic Power Outage Tornadoes Winter Storms Extreme Weather Cold Weather Heat Warnings Healthy Homes Inspection Requests Form for PSS Operators Lodging Home Inspections Pre-operational Recreational Water Inspections Seasonal Housing Inspections Sun Safety Property and Septic Records Search Request Form For Professionals Childcare Providers Flourish: A Physical Literacy Resource Dental Professionals Educators Auto-Injector Course Chickenpox Reporting Form Oral Health for Educators Ryan’s Law and Asthma for Educators School Absenteeism Reporting Health Care Providers Diseases of Public Health Significance Influenza Investigation and Reporting Forms Tobacco Cessation Tuberculosis (TB) Management Updates & Alerts Vaccine Providers Sexually Transmitted Infections Zoonotic and Vector-borne Diseases Mandatory Blood Testing Act Naloxone Program Community Partners Outbreaks Personal Service Settings Body Piercing Ear Piercing Facials, Make-up Application, and Waxing Floatation Tanks Form for PSS Operators Hair Salons and Barber Shops Manicures, Pedicures, and Nail Treatments Pharmacists Veterinarians Updates & Alerts Workplace Health Programs Healthy at Work Webinar Series Luncheon Series Living Wage Workplace Wellness Program Resources Tobacconist and Speciality Vape Store Owners Workplace Wellness Planning and Evaluation Resources Question or comment? Main Page Content Planning your workplace wellness program begins by identifying wellness topics that are relevant to your employees. Click here for an example Needs Assessment. To understand your employee’s health needs, you may also want to consider reviewing health insurance provider benefits utilization data, workers compensation and disability claims, employee assistance program use and or absenteeism records. Evaluation of workplace wellness activities is important for accessing their effectiveness and improving them to better align with your employees’ interests and wellness needs. How could a workplace collect information to evaluate an awareness raising activity? This is a list of some examples of information you could collect to evaluate your awareness raising workplace wellness activities. It is not necessary to collect all of this information to evaluate your awareness activity. The number of employees who received and/or reported seeing the wellness information. The number or percentage of employees who learned new information to improve their health and the things that they learned. The number or percentage of employees who reported being motivated to make changes to improve their health and the things that they were motivated to do. The recommendations of different ways to share similar wellness information with their employees. Download Example Employee Feedback Questions for Awareness Raising Activities The example suggests information you could collect to evaluate your awareness raising workplace wellness activities. It is not necessary to collect all of this evaluation data. You may chose to distribute a survey by email or paper or to collect evaluation data through recording employee’s verbal feedback in interviews or a focus group and writing a short summary. Feel free to adapt the questions to suit your awareness raising activities. How could a workplace collect information to evaluate an education or skill-building activity? This is a list of some examples of information you could collect to evaluate your education or skill-building workplace wellness activities. It is not necessary to collect all of this information to evaluate your education or skill-building activity. The number of employees who were sent and/or reported seeing the invitation to attend the education activity. The ways employees heard about the education or skill-building activity. The number of employees who registered and attended the education or skill-building activity. The percentage who were satisfied or very satisfied with the education or skill-building activity. The things employees liked and did not like about the education or skill-building activity. The percentage who would participate in a similar education or skill-building activity again. The changes or incentives that could motivate employees to participate in a similar wellness activity in the future. The factors that made it challenging to participate in the wellness activity. The percentage who reported learning new information to improve their health and the things that they learned. The percentage who reported being motivated to make changes to improve their health and the things that they were motivated to do. The recommendations of different ways to share similar wellness information to employees in the future. Change in employee motivation or in the workplace culture as a result of the education or skill-building activity. Download Example Employee Feedback Questions for Education and Skill-Building Activities The example suggests information you could collect to evaluate your education and skill-building workplace wellness activities. It is not necessary to collect all of this evaluation data. You may chose to distribute a survey by email or paper or to collect evaluation data through recording employee’s verbal feedback in interviews or a focus group and writing a short summary. Feel free to adapt the questions to suit your education and skill-building activities. How could a workplace collect information to evaluate a supportive environment activity? This is a list of some examples of information you could collect to evaluate your workplace's supportive environment activities. Depending on your type of supportive environment, some of the education/ skill-building evaluation questions may be more appropriate. It is not necessary to collect all of this information to evaluate your supportive environment activity. The number of employees who are aware of the supportive environment. The ways employees heard about the supportive environment in the workplace. The number of employees who registered and attended (e.g., flu clinic)/ regularly use the supportive environment (e.g., fridges for employee lunches). The percentage who were satisfied or very satisfied with the supportive environment. The things employees liked and did not like about the supportive environment. The changes or incentives that could motivate employees to use the supportive environment more. The factors that made it challenging to participate in the supportive environment. The percentage who reported learning new information to improve their health and the things that they learned. The percentage who reported being motivated to make changes to improve their health, what they were motivated to do and what they actually did to improve their health. The recommendations of different ways to share similar wellness information to employees in the future. The change in employee motivation or in the workplace culture as a result of the supportive environment. The change in employee sick day usage or employee turnover since the supportive environment was implemented. Download Example Employee Feedback Questions for Supportive Environment Activities The example suggests information you could collect to evaluate your supportive environment workplace wellness activities. It is not necessary to collect all of this evaluation data. You may chose to distribute a survey by email or paper or to collect evaluation data through recording employee’s verbal feedback in interviews or a focus group and writing a short summary. Feel free to adapt the questions to suit your supportive environment activities. Related Content: Workplace Wellness Planning and Evaluation Resources Last modified: Thursday, July 29, 2021 - 4:19pm Client Feedback Survey Give us feedback! Questions or comments about this content Call us at 519-258-2146, or fill out the form below to send us an email. Please do not submit personal health information through this form; for more information, view our Terms of Use. Name * Email * Question or Comment * Leave this field blank Submit Printer-friendly version Website Footer © Windsor-Essex County Health Unit, 2021. All rights reserved. Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Accessibility Board Of Health Portal Staff log in Staff Webmail On-Call Staff Remote Support
