https://www.wechu.org/chronic-disease-prevention-and-workplace-wellness/healthy-work-webinar-series
Healthy at Work Webinar Series | The Windsor-Essex County Health Unit Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home About Us Jobs Events Forms Newsroom Reports Inspections Contact Us Search form Search Website Header Windsor | Leamington 519-258-2146 | 1-800-265-5822 Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Toggle navigation Site Content Navigation COVID-19 Check Your Results Frequently Asked Questions Information for... Events, Gatherings, Weddings, Funerals, Religious Rites or Ceremonies Farms & Temporary Foreign Workers Healthcare Providers Individuals & Families Individuals with Symptoms, Positive Cases, Close Contacts Long-term Care Homes & Shelters Schools & Childcare Centres Workplaces, Organizations & Facilities Local Data Potential Public Exposures Self-Assessment Testing Locations Vaccines Get Your COVID-19 Vaccine - WEVax Get Your Vaccination Receipt Information for Health Care Workers Local Vaccination Statistics Ministry Resources Classes and Clinics Classes Epinephrine Auto-Injector E-Learning Course Food Handler Course Food Safety for All ISPA Non-Medical Conscience or Religious Exemption Education Personal Service Settings E-Learning Course Pool and Spa Course Prenatal Classes Ryan's Law: Asthma in the School E-Learning Course Triple P Positive Parenting Program Tuberculosis (TB) Course Clinics Breastfeeding Support Clinic Car Seat Clinic Health Unit Dental Clinics Flu Shot Clinic Immunization Clinics Nurse Practitioner Sexual Health Clinic Your Health A-Z Health Topics Dental Baby Oral Health Program Healthy Smiles Ontario Ontario Seniors Dental Care Program Preventative Dental Services Falls and Injury Prevention Find a Doctor or Health Care Provider Food Safety Inspection Reports Food Safety for Businesses Food Handler Course Special Events Information Special Event/Market Organizer Application Special Event Food Vendor Application Food Safety at Home Food Safety Complaints/Illness Healthy Eating Immunization Your Child's Immunization Record Immunization Requirements for School School Based Immunization Clinics Frequently Asked Questions School Suspensions Local Immunization Coverage IPAC Lapses Physical Activity Substance Use Alcohol Cannabis Supervised Injection Services (SIS) Community Consultation Opioids Smoking & Vaping Visual Health At Home Vision Tests How often does a child need an eye exam? Signs of a Visual Problem Visual Health Resources What are some ways to improve a child’s vision health? Pregnancy and Parenting Ask a Nurse Baby-friendly Initiative Childbirth Feeding Your Baby Feeding Your Child Health Before Pregnancy Home Visiting Program Immunization for your Children Immunization Record Your Environment Air Quality Outdoor Air Quality Hydrogen Sulfide Beaches Pools and Spas Beach Water Testing Beach Safety Blue-Green Algae Bloom Climate Change and Health Drinking Water Boil Water Advisories Fluoride Private Well Water Small Drinking Water Systems Emergency Preparedness Extreme Heat Flooding Nuclear Pandemic Power Outage Tornadoes Winter Storms Extreme Weather Cold Weather Heat Warnings Healthy Homes Inspection Requests Form for PSS Operators Lodging Home Inspections Pre-operational Recreational Water Inspections Seasonal Housing Inspections Sun Safety Property and Septic Records Search Request Form For Professionals Childcare Providers Flourish: A Physical Literacy Resource Dental Professionals Educators Auto-Injector Course Chickenpox Reporting Form Oral Health for Educators Ryan’s Law and Asthma for Educators School Absenteeism Reporting Health Care Providers Diseases of Public Health Significance Influenza Investigation and Reporting Forms Tobacco Cessation Tuberculosis (TB) Management Updates & Alerts Vaccine Providers Sexually Transmitted Infections Zoonotic and Vector-borne Diseases Mandatory Blood Testing Act Naloxone Program Community Partners Outbreaks Personal Service Settings Body Piercing Ear Piercing Facials, Make-up Application, and Waxing Floatation Tanks Form for PSS Operators Hair Salons and Barber Shops Manicures, Pedicures, and Nail Treatments Pharmacists Veterinarians Updates & Alerts Workplace Health Programs Healthy at Work Webinar Series Luncheon Series Living Wage Workplace Wellness Program Resources Tobacconist and Speciality Vape Store Owners For Professionals Workplace Health Programs Healthy at Work Webinar Series Healthy at Work Webinar Series Question or comment? Main Page Content This series of free educational webinars are hosted by experts on a variety of health-related topics. They are designed to help build employees’ and employers knowledge and skills, and promote health in the workplace and beyond. Join Dr. Abrams, Associate Medical Director from Medcan, as he discusses COVID-19 projections, expected workplace guidelines and other considerations as we all move towards a safe office return this Fall and more permanent hybrid workforces in early 2022. Past webinars Coping with Pandemic Fatigue Healthy at Work Webinar Series featuring guest speakers, Beth Anne Ternovan (Family Services Windsor-Essex) and Courtney Williston (Windsor-Essex County Health Unit), for a conversation about what the pandemic means for our individual and collective wellbeing. In this ‘Coping with Pandemic Fatigue’ webinar, they will discuss how stress affects your overall well-being and how to take action to enhance our resiliency across the domains of our lives. The What and Whatnots of Healthy Eating Healthy eating never goes out of style. But knowing exactly what healthy eating means, and how it effects your physical and mental health, can be really hard. There has always been a lot of misinformation about healthy eating out there, and this type of information tends to get shared during uneasy times, such as a pandemic. So how do you sift through the noise and make sure you’re getting the right information? Video recording available: wechu.adobeconnect.com/pwdvoinhdmdt CANNABIS GETTING OUT OF THE WEEDS Your Questions, Answered. Pot, weed, grass. There are as many terms for cannabis as there are misleading or fake news stories or websites. Weeding out the truth can be a challenge. Do you have questions about the current evidence on cannabis health risks? Are you confused about the laws around cannabis use and possession? Do you know what safety measures should be taken with cannabis products? Attend this webinar to get the latest information from a reliable source. Video recording available: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/piwxgerwj6yr/ HOW TO BE FINANCIALLY FIT IN 2020 AND BEYOND Are debt and money worries keeping you up at night? YOU ARE NOT ALONE. Debt is one of the leading causes of stress and anxiety for many of us. This was before COVID-19 struck. Video recording available: wechu.adobeconnect.com/pwdvoinhdmdt CANNABIS GETTING OUT OF THE WEEDS Your Questions, Answered. Pot, weed, grass. There are as many terms for cannabis as there are misleading or fake news stories or websites. Weeding out the truth can be a challenge. Do you have questions about the current evidence on cannabis health risks? Are you confused about the laws around cannabis use and possession? Do you know what safety measures should be taken with cannabis products? Attend this webinar to get the latest information from a reliable source. Video recording available: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/piwxgerwj6yr/ Maintaining Employment During and/or Following Cancer Treatment Recent Canadian Cancer Statistics estimate that nearly two in five Canadians will develop cancer over the next 15 years. With earlier diagnosis, and developments in treatment, there are more cancer survivors staying in the workforce both during and after treatment. Many cancer survivors report that being employed or being able to return to work following their treatment positively impacts their physical and mental health, and overall quality of life. However, problems such as fatigue, pain, cognitive deficits and anxiety may interfere with their successful return to work. Join Dr. Debbie Kane, nursing professor and researcher with the University of Windsor, as she discusses strategies for supporting cancer survivor’s return to work while undergoing treatment, or upon the completion of their treatment. Video recording available: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/puh7fp3zt09g/ When could gambling, gaming or internet use be a concern? Did you know that 83% of Canadian adults participated in some form of gambling activity in 2016-2017 and that 22% of adults reported spending between 4 to 10 hours a week playing video or computer games? Have you ever wondered why it is so easy to spend too much time or money playing at the casino, playing bingo, betting on sports, or buying lottery tickets? Or why it is easy to get preoccupied with a cell phone, spend too much time on Facebook, Pinterest or loose sleep because of spending too much time and/or money on Fortnight, Overwatch or some other game? If so, then this webinar may have some answers for you. Diana Gabriele of the Centre for Problem Gambling and Digital Dependency, and Patricia Dubé of the Youth Gambling Awareness Program, will suggest how to engage with these activities in a balanced way and recognize when something that started as entertainment might be becoming an issue. Video recording available: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p2hqedcop3wa/ Resources: http://problemgambling.ca/gambling-help/ https://learn.problemgambling.ca/eip/problem-technology-use www.responsiblegambling.org www.connexontario.ca Healthy Holidays: A Last Minute Survival Guide Do you often feel stressed during the holidays? You are not alone. Many of us can feel stressed during this time, which can impact our overall health and well-being. Join Karen Gignac, Manager of Mental Health Promotion from our local branch of the Canadian Mental Health Association (CMHA) as she discusses wellness strategies to help us manage our stress in the final weeks leading up to the holidays. Video recording available: https://youtu.be/yu_eIBt5mY8 Workplace Wellness – Inspiring the How & the Why Workplace wellness programs can play a key role in improving the physical and mental health of employees. Listen to Beth Anne Ternovan, Manager of the Counselling Program and Employee Assistance Program (EAP) at Family Services Windsor-Essex to learn more about how to implement a workplace wellness program in your workplace. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/pugzfb57xdg1/ Infection Prevention and Control at Workplacesꟷ November 15, 2017 The colder season tends to bring about an increase of respiratory infections such as the common cold or flu. Join Bois Marufov, Team Lead in the Regional Support Team-Central West, Infection Prevention and Control (IPAC) Department at Public Health Ontario as he talks about IPAC principles and what you can do to protect yourself, your co-workers, and your family from infections. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p09q6j4k5gz6/ You can also get a copy of the Frequently Asked Questions that were discussed during the presentation. Mental Health: You Are Not Alone- September 13, 2017 Know a co-worker, friend, or someone you love who may be struggling with mental health issues? Learn about the signs and symptoms of someone struggling with mental health issues, when to get help, and the resources and services available in our community to support them. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/pqss5qde68zh To Sit or Not to Sit? That is the Question- June 21, 2017 Prolonged sitting has been associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and even death. Learn about the risks linked to prolonged sitting and how to avoid prolonged sitting at your workplaces. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p44sywz34ll3/ You can also get a copy of the Frequently Asked Questions that were discussed during the presentation. How Technology Hurts - April 26, 2017 Technology has changed over the last few decades. Join Melissa Statham, a Certified Canadian Professional Ergonomist from Occupational Health Clinics from Ontario Workers as she shares how technology has changed, the musculoskeletal disorders (MSDs) linked to the use of new products, and what you can do to decrease your risk of developing MSDs. Video recording available here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeUvw0sRRc0&feature=youtu.be Take the Fight Out of Food- February 22, 2017 Join Alicia Chan, Public Health Nutritionist of the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit as she shares the 3-Step approach to help you take the fight out of food. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p87oq7jsmd4/ Reduce Your Holiday Stress - November 30, 2016 More joy, less stress this Holiday Season. Learn the ABC's of stress management, along with boundary setting, coping strategies and ways to simplify when life gets overwhelming. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p4727s197a1/ Suicide Prevention & Awareness - September 14, 2016 Learn how to recognize the signs & symptoms of suicide, what to do if you think a loved one is contemplating suicide and the services available in Windsor & Essex County to turn to for assistance. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p14tif32gqg/ Healthy Kids Community Challenge: Take Charge of You: Your Family's Health – July 27th, 2016 Learn about the Healthy Kids Community Challenge, the importance of unstructured, outdoor play, and the importance of drinking water for hydration and nutrition for you and your family. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p59p2pv9nup/ You can also download a copy of the Q & As that were discussed during the live session here Getting Started on Your Personal Exercise Journey – June 27th, 2016 This webinar was hosted by Mike Bates, owner of Refine Fitness Studios. The presentation focused on the challenges & road blocks many people face when trying to start a new fitness program, as well as goal setting, accountability, nutrition and motivation to get fit and be healthy. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p4gmnt0s1gc/ You can also download a copy of the Q & As that were discussed during the live session here Cycling For Fun Health & Profit – May 25th, 2016 This webinar was hosted by John Scott, Windsor-Essex County Health Unit Board Member, Share the Road Cycling Coalition Board Member, and Working Toward Wellness Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) Member. The presentation focused on the many benefits of cycling, the importance of active transportation in our communities, and the improvements that are happening in Windsor-Essex with cycling infrastructure. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p5z7tpadvyl/ You can also download a copy of the Q & As that were discussed during the live session here Cancer Prevention and Screening – April 20th, 2016 This webinar was hosted by Dr. John Day, Primary Care Lead, from the Erie St. Clair Regional Cancer Program. The presentation focused on the most up-to-date information on Ontario cancer screening guidelines and our organized screening programs. It also included information about the new and interactive online tool (My CancerIQ) used to assess your cancer risk. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p22hpmfsvig/ Eating Well for a Healthy Gut – February 4th, 2016 This webinar was hosted by a Dietetic Intern at the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit. She discussed the importance of gut health and how to maintain gut health through nutrition, along with information on probiotics and prebiotics. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p60zkcynw64/ You can also download a copy of the Q & As that were discussed during the live session here Curb Your Stress, Eat Well – October 15th, 2015 This webinar was hosted by a Registered Dietitian from the Windsor-Essex County Healthy Unit. She discussed the relationship between nutrition and stress, and ways we can manage the effects it can have on our appetite. Video recording available here: https://wechu.adobeconnect.com/p2dh7827wzc/ You can also download a copy of the Q & As that were discussed during the live session here Related Content: webinar Last modified: Monday, October 4, 2021 - 10:18am Client Feedback Survey Give us feedback! Questions or comments about this content Call us at 519-258-2146, or fill out the form below to send us an email. Please do not submit personal health information through this form; for more information, view our Terms of Use. Name * Email * Question or Comment * Leave this field blank Submit Printer-friendly version Website Footer © Windsor-Essex County Health Unit, 2021. All rights reserved. Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Accessibility Board Of Health Portal Staff log in Staff Webmail On-Call Staff Remote Support
