https://wechu.org/smoking-and-vaping/quit-smoking
Quit Smoking | The Windsor-Essex County Health Unit Skip to main content Toggle navigation Home About Us Jobs Events Forms Newsroom Reports Inspections Contact Us Search form Search Website Header Windsor | Leamington 519-258-2146 | 1-800-265-5822 Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Facebook Twitter Youtube Linked In RSS FR Sign Up for Alerts, News, Monthly Newsletter and Job Postings Toggle navigation Site Content Navigation COVID-19 Check Your Results Frequently Asked Questions Information for... Events, Gatherings, Weddings, Funerals, Religious Rites or Ceremonies Farms & Temporary Foreign Workers Healthcare Providers Individuals & Families Individuals with Symptoms, Positive Cases, Close Contacts Long-term Care Homes & Shelters Schools & Childcare Centres Workplaces, Organizations & Facilities Local Data Potential Public Exposures Self-Assessment Testing Locations Vaccines Get Your COVID-19 Vaccine - WEVax Get Your Vaccination Receipt Information for Health Care Workers Local Vaccination Statistics Ministry Resources Classes and Clinics Classes Epinephrine Auto-Injector E-Learning Course Food Handler Course Food Safety for All ISPA Non-Medical Conscience or Religious Exemption Education Personal Service Settings E-Learning Course Pool and Spa Course Prenatal Classes Ryan's Law: Asthma in the School E-Learning Course Triple P Positive Parenting Program Tuberculosis (TB) Course Clinics Breastfeeding Support Clinic Car Seat Clinic Health Unit Dental Clinics Flu Shot Clinic Immunization Clinics Nurse Practitioner Sexual Health Clinic Your Health A-Z Health Topics Dental Baby Oral Health Program Healthy Smiles Ontario Ontario Seniors Dental Care Program Preventative Dental Services Falls and Injury Prevention Find a Doctor or Health Care Provider Food Safety Inspection Reports Food Safety for Businesses Food Handler Course Special Events Information Special Event/Market Organizer Application Special Event Food Vendor Application Food Safety at Home Food Safety Complaints/Illness Healthy Eating Immunization Your Child's Immunization Record Immunization Requirements for School School Based Immunization Clinics Frequently Asked Questions School Suspensions Local Immunization Coverage IPAC Lapses Physical Activity Substance Use Alcohol Cannabis Supervised Injection Services (SIS) Community Consultation Opioids Smoking & Vaping Visual Health At Home Vision Tests How often does a child need an eye exam? Signs of a Visual Problem Visual Health Resources What are some ways to improve a child’s vision health? Pregnancy and Parenting Ask a Nurse Baby-friendly Initiative Childbirth Feeding Your Baby Feeding Your Child Health Before Pregnancy Home Visiting Program Immunization for your Children Immunization Record Your Environment Air Quality Outdoor Air Quality Hydrogen Sulfide Beaches Pools and Spas Beach Water Testing Beach Safety Blue-Green Algae Bloom Climate Change and Health Drinking Water Boil Water Advisories Fluoride Private Well Water Small Drinking Water Systems Emergency Preparedness Extreme Heat Flooding Nuclear Pandemic Power Outage Tornadoes Winter Storms Extreme Weather Cold Weather Heat Warnings Healthy Homes Inspection Requests Form for PSS Operators Lodging Home Inspections Pre-operational Recreational Water Inspections Seasonal Housing Inspections Sun Safety Property and Septic Records Search Request Form For Professionals Childcare Providers Flourish: A Physical Literacy Resource Dental Professionals Educators Auto-Injector Course Chickenpox Reporting Form Oral Health for Educators Ryan’s Law and Asthma for Educators School Absenteeism Reporting Health Care Providers Diseases of Public Health Significance Influenza Investigation and Reporting Forms Tobacco Cessation Tuberculosis (TB) Management Updates & Alerts Vaccine Providers Sexually Transmitted Infections Zoonotic and Vector-borne Diseases Mandatory Blood Testing Act Naloxone Program Community Partners Outbreaks Personal Service Settings Body Piercing Ear Piercing Facials, Make-up Application, and Waxing Floatation Tanks Form for PSS Operators Hair Salons and Barber Shops Manicures, Pedicures, and Nail Treatments Pharmacists Veterinarians Updates & Alerts Workplace Health Programs Healthy at Work Webinar Series Luncheon Series Living Wage Workplace Wellness Program Resources Tobacconist and Speciality Vape Store Owners Quit Smoking Question or comment? Quit Smoking Vaping and Your Health Stay Smoke-FreeSFOA, 2017 and Smoke-Free Spaces Submit a Smoking or Vaping ComplaintDisclosure of SFOA Convictions Main Page Content Tobacco remains the leading cause of preventable disease and death in Canada. In Windsor-Essex County 17.8% of residents are current, daily, or occasional smokers1. Tobacco use and exposure to second-hand smoke are linked to cancer, heart disease, and several other diseases. For more information about smoking and the health effects it has on your body visit the Health Canada website. Start Your Quit Story Visit the Start Your Quit Story Facebook Page to find quit stories, tips for quitting, and a place to share your story and provide support to others. Are you looking to quit smoking? Quitting smoking is the best thing you can do for your health and for most it can be a challenge. Remember, quitting smoking is possible and there are supports across the community to help. To learn more about quitting smoking, and the different options you have for quitting visit ontario.ca/stopsmoking. For local support and helpful services, see the directory below or contact us at the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit to find which of the options will best meet your needs. Quit Medications Paired with One-On-One Counselling Group Sessions Phone and Online Quit Programs Other Resources to Consider Quit Medications Paired with One-on-One Counselling Windsor-Essex County Health Unit (WECHU) 519-258-2146 ext.3100 WECHU provides eligible clients with up to 16 weeks of nicotine replacement therapy. WECHU can also be contacted to help you find the most appropriate service or support in Windsor and Essex County for which you are eligible. City Centre Health Care 519-971-0116 1400 Windsor Avenue, Windsor, Ontario N8X 3L9 If you’re a patient of City Centre Health Care you may qualify to receive six months of nicotine replacement therapy and counseling sessions. Family Health Team STOP Program (Smoking Treatment for Ontario Patients) If you’re a rostered patient you may qualify to receive six months of nicotine replacement therapy and counselling sessions Family Health Teams with this service include: Amherstburg FHT 519-736-7770 Harrow FHT 519-738-2000 Leamington and Area FHT 519-322-1100 Windsor FHT 519-250-5656 Group Sessions Windsor-Essex County Health Unit (WECHU) STOP Program (Smoking Treatment for Ontario Patients) 519-258-2146 ext.3100 WECHU holds group STOP workshops where eligible participants can attend one local session and receive five weeks of free nicotine replacement therapy (nicotine patches) and smoking cessation information to help them in their quit attempt. Sign up for STOP Quit Smoking Workshops City Centre Health Care Breathing Easy Program 519-971-0116 1400 Windsor Avenue, Windsor, Ontario N8X 3L9 City Centre Health Care offers a six week ‘Breathing Easy’ smoking cessation program which includes support and education to adults who are either trying to cut down and/or those who wish to quit altogether. Leamington and Area Family Health Team (LAFHT) 519-322-1100 The Leamington and Area FHT offers smoking cessation group education sessions for rostered and non-rostered patients living in Essex County. Sessions held in Leamington and Kingsville. Registration is required. Phone and Online Quit Programs Telehealth Ontario 1-866-797-0000 Telehealth Ontario smoking cessation program: Provides evidence-informed smoking cessation supports and information by phone. Supports callers through follow-up calls where additional supports and coaching are required. Telehealth Ontario is a free and confidential service for health advice and information 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in more than 300 languages. Smokers' Helpline (SHL) Smokers' Helpline offers two different services to help you quit smoking: Online quit program- Supportive community, online tools, and a self-directed quit program. Text messaging support- Interactive support, scheduled messages, and help to cope with cravings. All services are free and available in English and French. Interpreter service is available in over 100 languages for the phone quit program. You can also visit QuitMap.ca to find local smoking cessation programs and services. Visit Smokers' Helpline or text iQuit 123456 for support. Pregnets Pregnets’ goal is to improve the health of moms and their babies by offering online information, resources, and support to pregnant and postpartum women and their health care providers. Lung Health Information Line 1-888-344-5864 Speak with a Certified Respiratory Educator about lung disease, secondhand smoke, information about smoking cessation, and tips to help you quit. Call 1-888-344-5864 or visit the Ontario Lung Association. Other resources to consider Are you covered under your workplace program? Some workplace benefits have coverage for quit medications and counseling. Contact your workplace wellness program, human resources, or your group benefit plan provider for more information. Do you qualify for Ontario Drug Benefit (ODB)? Ontario Drug Benefit (ODB) recipients are eligible for up to one year of smoking cessation counseling sessions through their local pharmacy. Recipients are also covered for quit medications including Champix or Zyban. For more information, talk to your local pharmacist. Who can prescribe quit medications? Doctors, Nurse practitioners, Pharmacists, and Dentists can prescribe quit medications. Many of these health care providers have additional training in smoking cessation and may also be able to provide counseling. First Week Challenge Contest Quit smoking for the first week of the month for your chance to win $500. You can register for free on the First Week Challenge website. Break it Off A free mobile app and website to help young adults quit smoking and stay smoke-free. The app provides a way to monitor and overcome their nicotine cravings and stay motivated the good and bad days. The Break it Off campaign also has quit coaches, a support page, and Facebook Page. References 1. Statistics Canada. (2018). Health characteristics-Current Smoker, daily or occasional https://www150.statcan.gc.ca Smoking Cessation Presentation Download a copy of the Smoking Cessation Presentation (non-accessible PDF). Related Content: Smoking Quit Smoking Vaping Smoke-Free health care Current Topics Last modified: Wednesday, June 23, 2021 - 12:43pm Client Feedback Survey Give us feedback! Questions or comments about this content Call us at 519-258-2146, or fill out the form below to send us an email. Please do not submit personal health information through this form; for more information, view our Terms of Use. Name * Email * Question or Comment * Leave this field blank Submit Printer-friendly version Website Footer © Windsor-Essex County Health Unit, 2021. All rights reserved. Site Map Terms of Use Privacy Accessibility Board Of Health Portal Staff log in Staff Webmail On-Call Staff Remote Support
