http://www.amherstburg.ca/
Town of Amherstburg
 Close Close Browser Compatibility Notification It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser. As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you. We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience. Skip to Content Live and Play A-Z Services Activities, Sports and Programs Amherstburg Admirals Junior C Team Animal Services Arts, Culture and Heritage Basement Flooding Protection Subsidy Program Community Organizations and Services Emergency Services Essex Region Conservation Area Festivals and Events Garbage and Recycling Libro Credit Union Centre Maps New to Amherstburg Parks and Facilities Plan an Event Volunteer 2021 Right of Way Permit Roads and Sidewalks View More... Activities, Sports and Programs New to Amherstburg Visit Amherstburg Do Business 10 Reasons to Invest Here Amherstburg Chamber of Commerce Available Lands and Buildings Bids and Tenders Business Licences Business Directory Cross Connection Control Program Demographics and Statistics Do Business FAQ Financial Incentives Growth and Expansion Infrastructure Key Sectors/Industries Location Maps Neighbourhoods/Housing Quality of Life Reports and Publications View More... Bids and Tenders Chamber of Commerce Town Hall 2018 Election Accessibility Applications, Licences and Permits Budget and Finance By-laws Committees and Boards Contact Us Departments Employment Freedom of Information Integrity Commissioner Marriages Mayor and Council Media News and Public Notices Online Payments Policies Privacy Records Repository View More... Agendas, Minutes and Recordings Permits and By-Law Complaints I'd Like To... Apply or Register For Burn Permit Day Camp Delegation Dog Licence Employment Freedom of Information Request Marriage LicenceView All... Book or Plan Facility Event Inspections Park Special EventView All... Learn About Amherstburg Budget and Finance Bids and Tenders Council, Agendas and Minutes Garbage and Recycling Municipal Drains News and Public NoticesView All... Report Bylaw Infraction Downed Street Light or Traffic Light Downed Sign General Inquiry Insurance Claim Municipal Service Problem Pothole IssueView All... Menu Feedback Previous Banner Play/Pause Banner Next Banner News and Public Notices: Pause Connect: Calendars, Events, Meetings Calendars Council / Committee Calendar Festivals and Events Recreation Calendar Town Calendar Be the first to know! By subscribing to any or all of the above calendars, you will receive up to date information including agendas right to your email! Past Agendas and Minutes The Town archives all its agendas and minutes for past Council and Committee Meetings. These documents are available to everyone. More Information Speak at a Council or Committee Meeting The Public are welcome to speak at Council or Committee Meetings and are required to complete a Delegation Form in order to do so. More Information A to Z Services Emergency Preparedness Amherstburg ALERT Your safety is our top concern. That's why Amherstburg wants to make sure you know about emergencies and incidents as they happen. By opting into the Amherstburg emergency notification system you'll be informed before, during, and after incidents that could impact your safety. Sign up TODAY! More Information COVID-19 COVID-19 is a new disease that has not been previously identified in humans. COVID-19 is a respiratory virus with pneumonia-like symptoms. There are confirmed cases in Canada, including Ontario. More Information 72 Hour Emergency Preparedness Kit Your emergency survival kit should have everything you and your family would need to be safe and take care of yourselves for at least three days immediately following an emergency. More Information Parks & Facilities Libro Centre The Libro Credit Union Centre (Libro Centre) is a Leeds-Silver certified, state-of-the-art building that provides a wide variety of facilities that suit the ever-evolving needs of our community. More Information Parks and Gardens Amherstburg boasts beautifully manicured gardens including those with historic ties, such as the legendary, 10.5 acre, King's Navy Yard Park, a dedicated Bicentennial International Peace Garden. More Information Featured Items Rent a Facility Sports Facilities Garbage & Recycling Garbage and Recycling Garbage and Recycling Collection Garbage Place your garbage curbside the night before your scheduled garbage collection day. Please refer to the Garbage Collection Map to confirm your day. Containers must be less than 45 pounds in weight. For further information, reference the Collection Calendar. Recycling Recycling is collected every two weeks on Fridays. Separate your recycling into blue boxes (containers) and red boxes (paper). Place it at the road the night before your collection day. If your garbage or recycling is not picked up on your scheduled day, contact Windsor Disposal Services at 519-944-8009 or the Town at 519-736-3664. Yard waste Yard waste includes leaves, grass clippings, tree trimmings and garden waste. The curbside collection is divided into two zones, north and south. Each zone is collected once, every two weeks on Mondays. View the Yard Waste Roadside Collection Map to confirm your collection zone. Calendars, Events, Meetings A to Z Services. Emergency Preparedness Parks & Facilities Garbage & Recycling © 2020 Town of Amherstburg, 271 Sandwich Street South, Amherstburg, ON. N9V 2A5, Phone: 519-736-0012, TTY: 519-736-9860, Email: inquiry@amherstburg.ca Contact UsAccessibilityPrivacyPhone NumbersSitemap Designed by eSolutions
