http://www.town.lasalle.on.ca/en/index.asp
Register Domain, .ca Domain, Domain Registration Canada, Canadian Domain, Web Hosting Canada, Canadian Hosting, Windows Hosting, Linux Hosting home whois shopping cart (0) knowledge base support webmail log in INFORMATION why namespro testimonials pricing info terms & policies affiliate program guest tour contact us DOMAINS register a domain transfer a domain renew a domain private WHOIS HOSTING WEB hosting WINDOWS hosting E-MAIL hosting DNS hosting new launches .IO U$63.88 .APP U$22.88 .PAGE U$18.88 .DEV U$20.88 .ID U$24.88 more extensions >> We are a wholly Canadian owned domain service provider, as well as a CIRA certified and ICANN accredited registrar. We provide Canada with a complete set of web services, with specialization in domain registrations. Our range of hosting products are also trusted by many end users, reputable businesses, associations and governments. We encourage you to see who our clients are and why they prefer our industry proven customer support and technical expertise. When you are ready, you can start your domain search below or pick a product on the left menu. We are more than glad to serve you, the same way we did Canada since 2003. bulk search | all extensions | transfers | new gTLDs .ca .com .co .net .org .biz .io new! .mobi .info .fr new! .me .name .us .uk .eu all Hello, I just wanted to send this note to say thank you for your exemplary customer service. If WordPress had customer service like yours, I would not have to keep sending you notes asking for help.(They have still not replied to 2 notes I sent) I be. . . . . . [more] I just want to acknowledge all the help you guys have given me over the years. Your prompt and courteous responses to my questions do not go unappreciated. You have a first rate team. Mark Des Cotes www.marksmandesign.ca Perfect! Exactly the info I wanted to know. You have been top-notch in servicing me through this whole process and I would not hesitate to recommend your services to anyone who would need to buy domains. When I first transferred my domain to y. . . . . . [more] The process went extremely well and disproved my earlier fears that a low price (was one of the lowest in the survey) may have negative implication. I am happy to say it was otherwise." Jeff Brooks BizDev Consulting Inc. jeffbrooks.c. . . . . . [more] Thank you very much. I just wanted to also make a comment. I think you guys are just absolutely awesome! The level of service you provide is second to none and I have many clients for whom I always use your service. Again, thank you for. . . . . . [more] I just wanted to take a moment to write to you and let you know how impressed I am with your services. I registered 1 Domain name with you to start last week and since have registered 2 more and another one I own is in the process of being transferre. . . . . . [more] I would never, ever have figured that one (a technical issue with WordPress) out. Although I try to handle the technical aspects of my sites myself, and Google as much as possible before requesting support, it's very reassuring to know that the Names. . . . . . [more] Thank you so much for all the prompt assistance you have been providing me with lately. You guys are defiately the best registrar I have ever used and will ever use! Kevin Edmonton, AB This is truly a great company to deal with! I've managed two web pages through them and any problems I may have had have been dealt with in a professional friendly manner quickly and efficiently! If you are skilled or not, Names pro treats you like a. . . . . . [more] In my first 24 hours with NamesPro.ca I've done more successfully than 4 years with internic.ca. You guys rock!" "I am very impressed so far with NamesPro, ... thanks for straightening out my dot ca's yesterday!" Phil Primmer Pri. . . . . . [more] I am knocked out by your incredible customer service. Thank you to your amazing team. Pamela rukkushouse.com Your professional customer service is phenomenal. I am fortunate to make your business the primary source for my domains. Thanks again for helping me deal with this problem and rest assured I will continue to recommend namepro to my friends and fami. . . . . . [more] I just wanted to say thank you to you all for the wonderful job you are doing. It has been so easy to use your services not only for purchasing new domains but also for transferring older ones. Thanks for all the hard work and dedication you've put i. . . . . . [more] Wowzers! You guys are going to have to change your domain name to SupermanCustomerService.com! That was the fastest reply ever and it answered my question perfectly. Thanks! P.S., How are you guys going to continue doing your jobs when all the. . . . . . [more] Thanks! Wow you guys are running a great business, I'm quite active in the IT community and I'm going to be throwing your name around, I appreciate the quick reply, the work around and the fact that everything has worked as promised at a great. . . . . . [more] I have been a Namespro client for several years and I have to say it has been a most pleasant relationship. To me, the pricing (even though it's very competitive) is irrelevant. There has to be great service, support and communication. Namespro has e. . . . . . [more] Not quite sure what email to send this to, but I just wanted you guys to know that you're doing a stand up job. I've been with you for two years now, with three domain names, and it couldn't be simpler. I like how you offer features to subscribers, b. . . . . . [more] For the past 1.5 months I have been dealing with an unsuccessful transfer of some .ca domains. Through my dealings with another registrar, I have realized that competent registrars are few and far between. Thank you for having such a great kno. . . . . . [more] You guys are very good! I've been hosting and registering all my dot.com domains with ICDsoft.com. But have struggled to find a good registrar/hosting solution for dot.ca's. I've been registering dot.ca's with another company and just changing. . . . . . [more] Hi Wonderful Namespro People, I just wanted to let you know that I have been trying for, quite literally, _weeks_ to get a domain transferred at domainsatcost.ca, whom I've been using since I started my business. They take 3 to 4 days to respo. . . . . . [more] Well done! I want to thank everyone who answered my numerous questions. You have done a good work and I am happy to see the website in function. Many thanks to the team. Ma Deva Eshana Although I've been with NamesPro.ca for only a week now, I feel very compelled to write about my utmost appreciation for your work. You guys have unparalleled service, most notably in your customer relations and support, and you are lightening-fast p. . . . . . [more] THANK YOU.... very much for YOUR patience..." "Even during this application process, which is the first for me regarding securing domain names, I have to tell you that your pleasant manner, patience and helpfulness and the time taken to explai. . . . . . [more] May I just say how much you excel at customer service - at all possible points of interaction: intelligent, intuitive, straightforward design and navigation; prompt, comprehensive, clear communication. Probably top of the list of service providers or. . . . . . [more] I've been using Namespro for over ten years for domain registration and hosting. I don't often have questions, but for the few times that I do, they are very professional and always helpful. I recently installed an SSL certificate on my site, and the. . . . . . [more] I just wanted to say THANK YOU to either the person or persons who have helped me through this initial learning period. You people are professional and have the right bedside manner you don't find in other support services. You are a credit to Namesp. . . . . . [more] I JUST WANTED TO SAY A BIG THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP! YOUR SERVICE IS GREAT! From Tony Romeyn, a recently retired business owner in Prince George after more than 40 years. Customer Service is everything :) www.irl.bc.ca NamesPro.ca was one of the companies that I eventually stumbled upon and after reading through their website, I decided to give them a try. After having dealt with them for a while, I have learnt that customer service is the main thing you should co. . . . . . [more] Big Shout-Out to the Tech Support at Namespro.ca I've used this company as the host of our office web-domain for some time now. Reasonable price, simple set-up and solid e-backbone. I created a new account with an online information. . . . . . [more] Just wanted to send a note saying how happy I am with your site and service so far. Registering .ca's has been a nightmare on other sites and after finding namespro.ca I will never use anyone else again. Your prices are excellent and the website is s. . . . . . [more] Well done! I want to thank everyone who answered my numerous questions. You have done a good work and I am happy to see the website in function. Many thanks to the team. Ma Deva Eshana I would like to say it has been a great pleasure dealing with Namespro.ca. They have made me feel welcome and have answered all of my many questions very promptly and politely. I highly recommend Namespro.ca for getting your website started. They als. . . . . . [more] I wanted to take a moment to address ticket number 79****** ... I am very happy to say the staff took immediate action and went out of their way to provide me with all of the answers ... I wanted to let you know over the past year I have worked very . . . . . . [more] Thank so much for the quick response and solution. I really appreciate the service you supply!" Aaron Chute parachutedreams.ca I would to thank you guys for offering such great prices and great services. After spending over $500 in .ca registrations here I feel that you guys offer the best support for domain registars. Keep up the great work." Mike Yuke Port Elg. . . . . . [more] A big Thank You. Your support service is terrific. Fast and friendly. I will certainly recommend NamesPro to anyone looking to get or transfer a domain name. cheers, Maggie McGroarty Communications Director Toronto Isla. . . . . . [more] Hello Namespro. I just wanted to let you guys know that I think you are the best domain registers out there + you're Canadian! I have used at least a dozen other service providers before I found you guys and you are hands down the best out there. Tha. . . . . . [more] Did i say that your service is 6 stars?? Because of your help i fixed my issues, thanks sooo much !!!! i've been working in IT for almost 20 years now and i never saw such great service !! I just can say keep up the good work ple. . . . . . [more] Hi, I wanted to take a moment to thank you for your great support. I have never seen any registrar execute so quickly and as flawlessly as Namespro. What you have done in the span of a few hours on my .ca domains took me days, weeks, months, a. . . . . . [more] ...Thank you very much for your ongoing courteous, timely, and seemingly 24/7 assistance in getting my domain-related issues solved quickly and professionally. You are a credit to your industry and should pat yourself on the back. You've got my permi. . . . . . [more] I spent HOURS and HOURS searching for a domain host that was a: Affordable b: User Friendly c: Had all the options I wanted And Namespro is it! Domain gripping plus one free email account? Can't be beat for the price! And if you h. . . . . . [more] You people are amazing. The transition to Namespro has been seamless and easy. Other service providers have no idea about how much catching up they have to do. You have raised the bar on customer service and practical solutions. . . . . . . [more] You guys remain my choice for web hosts for life. Thanks so much. I am also tweeting my praise about you (via @loftsellers). Paul Indrigo uniquetoronto.com Hey, I just wanted to pop you a note to again express my pleasure at the excellent support service I received the other day while registering my domain. I was shocked to find a response to my query in my email box less than two hours after I'd sent i. . . . . . [more] I want to take this opportunity to thank you for all your efforts. You have been extremely professional and speedy in your responses." Paul Woroshow Toronto, Canada Thank you very much. Your company is amazing, this is the best customer service I have ever had! Wish the air conditioning providers I am trying to work with could learn a lesson from this! Danielle agilitymarketing.ca Without a doubt, Namespro.ca offers the best value for the money that I’ve every experienced yet in setting up domains. On top of it all, their help and service is second to none – virtually immediate responses with clear, concise answers that make . . . . . . [more] I am amazed and I just simply need to say that this is one of the best support that I have ever received from any service provider. Fast, Professional and Technically Competent Regards, Ricardo Guevara Chief Technology Officer . . . . . . [more] Over the past couple of years I've had the pleasure of dealing with your technical, sales and customer service representatives and I must say that I have always received nothing but prompt and extremely knowledgeable service. After dealing with ot. . . . . . [more] you have my business. i like your user friendly website actually, i have been setting up a new business this week, and you have THE BEST SERVICE AND RESPONSE TIME than anyone here in Canada.I am just a little guy,so i am impressionable.....bu. . . . . . [more] I must say. Namespro not only has the best interface but one of the greatest back ends as well. From a female perspective, that is not only the best combination but also the best partner. Two things done in combination. Well done. Wallace R. . . . . . [more] Hello first i would like to say thank you for your wonderful and fast response i am now up and running with my new domain you are the best in customer service and i would recommend your site 100% thank you once again :). Terrence Mills t. . . . . . [more] I really, REALLY appreciate all your efforts. Above and beyond, etc. Grateful Client. Siri Hansen Just wanted to let you know how happy I am that I found your company. I do one tiny thing with you, host one .ca domain name, and you guys do it perfectly. Today renewed my hosting and needed to retrieve a password - it all took less than a minute. I. . . . . . [more] Namespro.ca has by far the best customer service and technical support in the industry. Their response time is far superior to any other registrar that I have dealt with and I would highly recommend them for any purchase, domain transfer or any other. . . . . . [more] Just a quick note of gratitude to the service staff. With an overdue account and website that was down, the service staff got me up and running in little to no time. Quick replies and an even quicker resolution have made me a fan of your servi. . . . . . [more] Hey, I just wanted to make sure that I indicated that I am impressed with your service. Another faceless user! :-) The speediness of your responses and the fact that the they are understandable, clear and exactly what was request. . . . . . [more] I have always been very impressed with the quality of your network and above all one of the most powerful Internet companies due to the prompt, encouraging and problem solving every single time I contact Namespro. Looking forward to our business now . . . . . . [more] Thanks for the great business service and support. After dealing with other registrars, trying to transfer domains etc, I am acutely aware of your great support, friendly communication and patience. I trust that will not change as I happil. . . . . . [more] To whom it may concern, I started using Namespro for solutions last fall and am writing you to express how much I have enjoyed liaising with your technical support team. As a merchant / user, I have several domains and they are . . . . . . [more] Your support is amazing. Please pass this up to your management. I have led systems teams and helpdesks in the past, and I am impressed with the service your support organization provides. 3 out of 3 is impressive. Laurie Paleczny Kitche. . . . . . [more] I want to thank you for your very quick reply and action, it confirms that namespro.ca really offers great customer service support. You have been professional and speedy in your responses. I dealt with lots of internet companies in the past but you. . . . . . [more] Best customer service that I have ever received online and on a Sunday. Excellent work, thanks a lot." Perry Stone Whistler, BC Seriously, you guys are sick. The service I have gotten over the past few months from you guys is top freaking drawer - fast, fast, fast and always helping out... even a dumb schmuck like me who can't keep his crap straight. A million thanks, . . . . . . [more] That is exactly what I wanted and it worked perfectly. Thanks for your patience and guidance and, especially, the very prompt turnaround on my query. Very satisfied and happy I switched my domain registrar to NamesPro. Donald Walker Thor. . . . . . [more] Thanks for your help! I think this ticket can now be closed. In case you don't hear it enough, your fantastic service is always awesome and your help always appreciated! Have a happy holiday season! Alvin Cadonic custompath. . . . . . [more] Hello, I can't stress this enough, your email support is FANTASTIC. I train Customer Service reps for a living, and every interaction with your team brings trust and quality to your brand. Thanks, Amir Good Evening, I have been going through the process of moving to Namespro as the new host for my domain. I am the first one to admit that I am not very adept at the finer points of technology so when it came to things like settings, email clie. . . . . . [more] I would like to inform you of the outstanding customer service I have received from your technical staff. I have been to Namespro what I would call in my office "a problem client" due to my lack of knowledge in this process. I felt it nece. . . . . . [more] I just wanted to tell you guys how happy I am with your service. I learned a valuable lesson on Friday and over the weekend. I transferred 4 of my domains to netfirms.ca because of their .NET hosting plan only to find out after . . . . . . [more] I would first like to say THANK YOU!!!! The people at Namespro are FANTASIC, and have always helped me in the past with any issues. Thank you again, Lorne Cook I felt compelled to write and let you know just how happy I am with my choice of Namespro to register my domain! There are so many registrars out there and it's nearly impossible to choose one as you want a service that provides both great prices and. . . . . . [more] Just wanted to say your customer support is superb. I sent a question and received help within minutes. The control panel is super easy to use and well worth the price. Thank you. Vincent solarispianotrio.com Well, it is AMAZING dealing with you! So late, and yet you still get your messages answered, and my problems solved. I'm so glad you were recommended. Honestly, I have not experienced such amazing online customer service every. You real. . . . . . [more] I'm not sure who to send this to, but I wanted to take a minute to say thanks for the service that I've received from your support people. I recently transferred a few domains to NamesPro, and had to deal with a few hassles as far as getting the doma. . . . . . [more] I just want to say that I have been a customer of yours for several years now and, well, I'm happy here. I notice and appreciate the subtle little changes you make here and there as required for performance and ease of use. But I really appreciate . . . . . . [more] I have been with Namespro for over five years. From the moment I joined they have been helpful to the max. Everything from getting new domains registered, old domains transferred, helping with getting my sites hosted to helping get Wordpress setup, N. . . . . . [more] I am just impressed with your expertise, I'd never resolve this issue alone! I never in my life had such a support for my site (it exists in no company!) Thank you! I can't beleive such efficient support exists! If I were alone with wordpress . . . . . . [more] As a Customer Service consultant, I undertand the subtle difference between "great customer service" and "stellar customer service." Without a doubt, Namespro.ca offers stellar customer service! I started off skeptical -- ordering only one .ca domai. . . . . . [more] Just wanted to let you know you have the BEST spam detection I've encountered. I like the facts that (1) original e-mail is an attachment, so it's my choice to go further and open it; and (2) you give enough details about the message that I can make . . . . . . [more] I am extremely happy with your service and I will for sure recommend your company to my friends without any reservations." Jerry Liu qesosaont.ca Amazing! Thank you again for the fantastic support with all of this. So very muchly appreciated. Brad Keller https://www.learntoplayitright.com/ Gmail worked! Thanks again for being fast and efficient with the tech support. Michael Fournier mightywrite.ca Again, thank you for all your help. The westlangleyhall.ca domain is once again working and I have successfully setup and tested the free email feature. It is truly a pleasure dealing with a responsive customer service group that cares enough . . . . . . [more] This is exactly the information I was looking for. Thanks so much. Just thought I'd mention, I have been a paying customer to Namespro.ca for all of a few hours, and already I am very impressed with your company's service. I have very easily t. . . . . . [more] Hello, My name is Richard Forsyth. Ive been using Namespro.ca for over a year now i own over 7 domains and webhosting and i have been so pleased with your staff and services, They are very quick to respond and very helpful towards my needs and. . . . . . [more] After 4 hours of crying and messing up my whole domain and e-mail hosting. I had given up. I was ready to call my tech friend to figure it and send the bill. When I went back to namespro to gather this information I saw that the support center had an. . . . . . [more] Dear Namespro: You have my sincere thanks for helping me through this process. The Executive members of Partners In Learning will be thrilled to learn that they have their domain name back! It has been a pleasant experience to deal with. . . . . . [more] Good afternoon, Thank you for the rapid response time! Since creating an account with NamesPro.ca and transferring a number of domain names to my account here, I have to say I am very impressed with your support/service. Thank you! It's a brea. . . . . . [more] Perfect, precisely what I was looking for. I just wanted to pass along my comments on your service. It is truly hard to find a domain registration service like yours now a days. I was expecting to have my email acknowledged within 5 business d. . . . . . [more] Thanks! Have we mentioned that you're THE BEST cause this team really is!!!!!!!!!! Renae Jarrett faith5centre.com Just wanted to say "What a GREAT Job!" - this domain is already working on the Internet like the other websites I have uploaded. Many, many thanks for your patience as I climb the learning curve. I am so pleased that I decided to purchase your. . . . . . [more] Wow!!! I've been a customer for only 10 hours and already I'm extremely impressed with your service. I was previously with a very large and well-known registrar/DNS provider in Toronto and stuck with them for the past five years; their service was re. . . . . . [more] I am writing to thank you for your assistance. In addition, I wish to let you know that your ability to communicate information is indeed skillful. In this field of technology I have graduated from being Dani Dinosaur to Cave Girl with Club and I ful. . . . . . [more] Thank you. I do not know what I could have done without you. You have been so patient and so helpful and so persistent to make me understand how formmail works on Windows server. I now know what I was doing wrong. I do not know h. . . . . . [more] Thanks very much! I appreciate the prompt response and repair. You guys are amazing. Eric Thank you it works! I would like to thank you for all the help over the past few days as you helped me with my various issues. I have to admit I felt like I was asking 'stupid' questions, but your answers were always polite, courteous a. . . . . . [more] I wish to thank you for your very quick reply and action, it confirms that namespro really offers great service and support as promised!" Mathieu Lanouette lanouette.ca I must tell you this: I have been using the Internet since 1995 and I have dealt with hundreds, if not thousands, of companies over the years through working for the government and later on owning my own business. This is the fastest, most profession. . . . . . [more] Awesome and super fast service. I'd definitely be a long time customer and also refer friends and other business people to your business. Thank you again." "You provided the unprecedented support that not only met my expectation but exceeded b. . . . . . [more] Hi, Just wanted to "THANK YOU" guys and girls at NamesPro for all the help you gave my brother and myself over the last year it was awesome. I hope it continues into 2014 and you all have a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Thanks a. . . . . . [more] Just a quick note to say that NamesPro is the best domain management solution I've used yet out of dozens. You guys are doing a great job!" Ben Mirecki carpages.ca Ever since I started dealing with you quite a few years ago the service and quality of everything I dealt with you is better than anywhere else. Whenever there was a question or concern you were there for me in such a short time. The cost for my web . . . . . . [more] I just want to let you know how thrilled I am with the services and service you offer. I am a bit of a privacy freak, and also have a number of domains I want to lead to my web site. I have dealt with a numerous domain registrars and web hosts. . . . . . [more] © Copyright NamesPro Solutions Inc. All rights reserved. DOMAINS register a domain transfer a domain renew a domain pricing info VALUE ADDED windows / linux hosting e-mail hosting free DNS hosting WHOIS privacy ABOUT US why namespro? our clients testimonials become an affiliate SUPPORT support ticket knowledge base terms + policies contact info ACCOUNT account login guest tour webmail shopping cart
