http://www.tecumseh.ca/
Town of Tecumseh
 Close Alert Banner Skip to Content Town of Tecumseh AccessibilityEmployment OpportunitiesLive Meetings Connect Living Here Animal Services A-Z Services About Tecumseh Accessibility Animal Services Applications, Licences and Permits Cemeteries Come Home to Tecumseh Commemorative Programs Community Service and Support Coronavirus COVID-19 Events Calendar Fire Police Ambulance Garbage and Recycling Home and Property Library Maps Municipal Drains PlaceSpeak Regional Community Safety and Well Being Plan Roads and Sidewalks Schools Seniors Tecumseh Alert System Things To Do Parks and Trails Activity Guide Arena Community Recreation Groups Corn Festival Culture and Heritage Events and Festivals Library Maps Parks and Trails Recreation and Leisure Programs Rent a Facility or Sports Field Splash Pads Sports Fields and Courts Swimming Pool Tecumseh Celebrates 100 Years! Transit Virtual Recreation Complex Visit Tecumseh Business and Development Properties for Sale Bids and Tenders Building and Renovating Business Support Community Profile Maps Planning and Development Properties for Sale Starting a Business Town Hall Parks and Trails Accessibility Applications, Licences and Permits Bids and Tenders Budget and Finances By-Laws Capital Projects Committees Community Awards Contact Us Council Departments Election Information Employment Opportunities Green Initiatives Maps Marriage Services News and Notices Plans, Studies, Projects and Reports Policies Social Media Taxes User Fees I Want To Search × Connect Town of Tecumseh 917 Lesperance Road Tecumseh ON N8N 1W9 Phone: 519 735 2184 Fax: 519 735 6712 Office Hours: Offices are open from Monday to Friday: 8:30 am - 4:30 pm Follow us on Follow Us: Subscribe Stay up-to-date on our news and events by signing up for updates on our subscription form. Department Directory View our listing of staff by department. Tecumseh Street Map A GIS allows us to capture, store, analyze and display spatially referenced data. I Want To... Apply or Register Applications, Licences and Permits Burn Permits Employment Opportunities Recreation and Leisure Programs Speak Before Council Pay Alarm Registration Dog License Rent a Facility or Sports Field Taxes Water Bill Concerns, Complaints and Compliments We want to hear from you. Feel free to fill out the form below if you have something to report. Submit Online Search 2022 Business Plan & Budget Christmas in Tecumseh Tecumseh Rural Broadband Advisory Committee Snow and Leaf Angel Program News & Notices View All News Loading News Feed... Popular Links Council Agendas and Minutes Employment Opportunities Events and Festivals Garbage and Recycling Online Maps Report an Issue Meetings & Events Loading Calendar Feed... Live Webcam A-Z Directory © 2019 Town of Tecumseh Designed by eSolutionsGroup About Living Here Things To Do Business and Development Town Hall Resources Accessibility Freedom of Information Privacy Policy Sitemap Website Feedback Contact Town of Tecumseh 917 Lesperance Road Tecumseh ON N8N 1W9 Phone: 519 735 2184 Contact Us Close Old Browser Notification Browser Compatibility Notification It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser. As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you. We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.
