https://www.kingsville.ca/en/index.aspx
Town of Kingsville
 Close Emergency Alert Banner Close Browser Compatibility Notification Browser Compatibility Notification It appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser. As a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you. We recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience. Skip to Content Town of Kingsville Kingsville Alerts kingsvilleworks@kingsville.ca (519) 733-2305 Contact Us Latest News: Learn More... Pause Our Community About Kingsville Births, Deaths and Marriages Daycares and Schools Emergency Services Employment and Volunteer Opportunities Events and Meetings Garbage and Recycling Fire Have Your Say Health Care and Hospitals History Maps Parking Places of Worship Roads and Sidewalks Service Clubs Transportation Tree Management Utilities, Water and Wastewater Explore and Play Arena Reopening Arts and Culture Facility Rentals Festivals and Events Heritage Homes Maps Marina Parks, Trails and Beaches Recreation and Events Parks and Facility Listing Kingsville Merchandise Recreation Master Plan Open Streets in Downtown Kingsville Do Business Applications, Licences and Permits Available Land and Buildings Bids and Tenders Building and Construction Business Directory Business Events Business Improvement Area (B.I.A.) Community Profile Fees and Charges Incentives and Funding Programs Physician Recruitment Starting Your Business Taxes Planning and Zoning Town Hall A-Z Services Accessibility Administration and Departments Animal Services Applications, Licences and Permits Bids and Tenders Budget and Financial Reports By-Laws Committees Contact Us Council Meetings Elections Employment and Volunteer Opportunities Integrity Commissioner Kingsville Alert System Mayor and Council News Report It - Kingsvilleworks Taxes View More... I Want To... Search Previous Banner Next Banner Play/Pause Banner Tourism Employment Report it with Kingsvilleworks Garbage & Recycling Donations Fantasy of Lights November 20, 2021-January 1, 2022 Light up the Town Contest Register your home or business! Kingsville Highland Games Saturday, June 25, 2022 News, Notices & Events Keep informed Subscribe to News & Notices News & Public Notices Events Calendar Council News Kingsville will be a friendly and safe community: Proud of our past, excited about our future Council News Agendas and Minutes © 2017 Town of Kingsville 2021 Division Road North Kingsville, ON N9Y 2Y9 Phone: (519) 733-2305 TTY: 1-877-674-4832 kingsvilleworks@kingsville.ca Office Hours: Sun - Closed Mon - 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tue - 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Wed - 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Thu - 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Fri - 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Sat - Closed Designed by eSolutionsGroup Our Community About Kingsville Births, Deaths and Marriages Daycares and Schools Emergency Services Employment and Volunteer Opportunities Events and Meetings Garbage and Recycling Fire Have Your Say View All... Explore and Play Arena Reopening Arts and Culture Facility Rentals Festivals and Events Heritage Homes Maps Marina Parks, Trails and Beaches Recreation and Events View All... Do Business Applications, Licences and Permits Available Land and Buildings Bids and Tenders Building and Construction Business Directory Business Events Business Improvement Area (B.I.A.) Community Profile Fees and Charges View All... Town Hall A-Z Services Accessibility Administration and Departments Animal Services Applications, Licences and Permits Bids and Tenders Budget and Financial Reports By-Laws Committees View All... A-Z ServicesAccessibilityEventsContact UsReport ItFeedbackSitemap I Want To... Apply or Register Address Sign Request Building Permits Dog Licence Employment and Volunteering Facility Booking Hunting Licence Marriage Licence Speak at a Council Meeting Pay Dog Licence and Tags Facility Rental Licences Parking Permit Parking Ticket Permits Taxes Water / Wastewater Report Bylaw Issue Garbage Collection Issue General Issue Road Sign Issue Sidewalk Issue Snow Clearing Issue Street Light Issue Unkempt Property Website Issue Watch Live Broadcast
