https://www.canada.ca/en/health-canada/services/smoking-tobacco/avoid-second-hand-smoke/second-hand-smoke.html
Second-hand smoke - Canada.ca Skip to main content Skip to "About government" Language selection Français fr / Gouvernement du Canada Search Search Canada.ca Search Menu Main Menu Jobs and the workplace Immigration and citizenship Travel and tourism Business and industry Benefits Health Taxes Environment and natural resources National security and defence Culture, history and sport Policing, justice and emergencies Transport and infrastructure Canada and the world Money and finances Science and innovation You are here: Canada.ca Health Healthy living Smoking, vaping and tobacco Avoid second-hand smoke Second-hand smoke Understand the dangers of second-hand smoke, its health risks and how to avoid it. Also learn about the benefits of making your home and car smoke-free. Services and information Make Your Home and Car Smoke-Free Tips on how you can stop the harm caused by breathing in second-hand smoke in your home and car. Make Your Home and Car Smoke-Free: Information for Youth Information for youth on how they can help their family make their home and car smoke-free. Make Your Home Smoke-Free in a Multi-Unit Residence Tips on how you can stop the harm caused by breathing in second-hand smoke in your home and car. Dangers of second-hand smoke Know the health risks of second-hand smoke to unborn babies, infants, children and adults. Also learn how to avoid second-hand smoke. Second-hand smoke exposure Learn how second-hand smoke impacts your health and how you can reduce your risk. Toxins in tobacco smoke Find out what toxins are in second-hand smoke. Smoking and sudden infant death syndrome Understand how exposing your baby to second-hand smoke could be fatal. Also know how you can reduce this risk by quitting smoking. Contributors Health Canada What we are doing Laws and regulations Tobacco Act Non-Smokers Health Act Tobacco Reporting Regulations Tobacco Products Labelling Regulations Publications Tobacco control strategy 2012-2017 Quit4Life Help young children stay smoke-free All related publications Statistics Summary of results of the Youth smoking survey 2012-2013 Summary of annual results for 2012 Overview of historical data, 1999-2011 Features Break It Off Helping young adults be done with smoking. Cost calculator Find out how much you spend on cigarettes. Youth smoking survey Read facts about tobacco use in children of grades 6-12. Report a problem or mistake on this page Please select all that apply: A link, button or video is not working It has a spelling mistake Information is missing Information is outdated or wrong Login error when trying to access an account (e.g. My Service Canada Account) GC Key access SecureKey Concierge (Banking Credential) access Personal Access Code (PAC) problems or EI Access Code (AC) problems Social Insurance Number (SIN) validation problems Other login error not in this list I can't find what I'm looking for Other issue not in this list Submit Thank you for your help! You will not receive a reply. For enquiries, contact us. Date modified: 2016-01-14 About government Contact us Departments and agencies Public service and military News Treaties, laws and regulations Government-wide reporting Prime Minister About government Open government About this site Social media Mobile applications About Canada.ca Terms and conditions Privacy Top of page
