https://windsorstar.com/newsletters/
Windsor Star Newsletter | Get news in your inbox Windsor Star Skip to Content Sign up Stay informed with our newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage, delivered to your inbox. Stay informed with our local coronavirus coverage, delivered to your inbox. Sign up now> Manage Print Subscription Sections Search Search windsorstar.com Perform search Windsor Star Subscribe Main Menu Search windsorstar.com Perform search News Local News COVID-19 National COVID-19 Election 2021 PostPandemic World Weather Podcasts Archives Sports Local Sports Hockey NHL Windsor Spitfires Football NFL NCAA Football CFL Baseball Detroit Tigers Basketball NBA NCAA Windsor Express Golf Soccer International Soccer MLS Curling Tennis Auto Racing Fighting Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Arts Celebrity Local Arts Movies Movie Listings Television TV Listings Music Books Business Automotive Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Space Tech-Biz Local Business Open during COVID Featured Businesses Energy FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Small Business MoneyWise Canada Borrowing Money Future Money Growing Money Life Milestones Shopping Essentials Home Living Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Fashion & Beauty Parenting Relationships Homes Condos Decorating Gardening Renovating Vacation Homes Food Local Food Reviews Recipes From the Vault Health Healthing Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Royals Travel Puzzles New York Times Crossword Comics Advice Horoscopes Contests Obituaries Browse Notices Place an Obituary Place an In Memoriam Classifieds Place an Ad Business Card Directory Celebrations Working Real Estate Showcase Real Estate E-Edition Shopping This Week's Flyers Auction Driving All Driving News Reviews Car Comparison Buyer’s Guide Healthing The GrowthOp Newsletters ePaper Refer a Friend Subscribe Manage Print Subscription My Account Our Offers FAQ News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Driving Healthing The GrowthOp Newsletters ePaper Refer a Friend Newsletters Select the free newsletters you want to receive and confirm your email below to get our award-winning work delivered directly to your inbox. local Windsor Star Sports Daily Missed the big game last night? Don't worry, we've got all the local sports news you need to stay posted about your favourite teams. Signed Up Windsor Star COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Windsor Star Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Edmonton Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up national NP Shopping Essentials Thursday No need to go at the internet alone. We’re research-obsessed shopping experts. We test products, interview pros and do what’s required to get you unbiased, unadulterated, unsponsored recommendations. We’re a weekly newsletter, a cool one. Talk Thursdays. Signed Up First Reading Daily First Reading is your guide to the world of Canadian politics, curated by the National Post's own Tristin Hopper. We break the news, define the issues and analyze what matters. Published Mondays through Thursdays at 6 p.m. and on Sundays at 9 a.m. Signed Up NP Platformed Weekdays The NP Comment newsletter from columnist Colby Cosh and NP Comment editors tackles the important topics with boldness, verve and wit. Get NP Platformed delivered to your inbox weekdays by 4 p.m. ET. Signed Up NP Posted Monday-Saturday NP Posted keeps you updated on the news of the day and the perspectives that define the National Post, while drawing your focus to some of the unexpected stories we like to tell. Delivered straight to your inbox Monday to Friday, with a weekend edition on Saturdays. Signed Up FP Economy Monday No one is better placed to make sense of statistics and forecasts than Kevin Carmichael, Canada's leading economics correspondent. FP Economy summarizes the real economy with analysis of national and global markets, trade, interest rates and more. Signed Up FP Work Tuesday What is happening to how we work and why does it matter? FP Work investigates and analyzes HR strategy, labour economics, office culture, technology and more. Signed Up FP Energy Wednesday From green energy to fossil fuels, Canada's leading voice for energy summarizes and analyzes the most important news of the week. FP Energy, your essential weekly update on the sector, keeps you up to speed. Signed Up FP Finance Thursday Canada is in the middle of a revolution in financial services. FP Finance is your source for news and analysis on fintech disruption, wealth management and more. Count on our team to help you make sense of the massive change. Signed Up FP Investor Friday Turbocharge your portfolio with ideas and insights from FP Investor's columnists and experts. This is Canada's best source for investing news, analysis, and advice on investment strategies, stocks and more. Signed Up Financial Post Posthaste Weekdays All the breaking business news, incisive views, must-reads and market signals you need, delivered to your inbox weekdays before 9 a.m. ET. Signed Up Monday Morning Golf Monday From the PGA and LPGA Tours to the latest equipment, golf travel, and weekend rounds with friends, Postmedia's National Golf Writer Jon McCarthy has something for every golfer, with a notably Canadian slant. Signed Up Simmons Says Saturday Toronto Sun sports columnist Steve Simmons has been writing his Sunday Notes column since 1988. Get this essential collection of thoughts, ideas, news, opinions and things you can't get anywhere else a day early in newsletter form. Signed Up Canadian Family Offices Newsletter Sunday Catch up on topics of interest to high-net-worth Canadians. Combining the journalism of the Financial Post with expert insights, the content ranges from the growth and preservation of wealth to lifestyle trends. Signed Up Driving.ca's Blind-Spot Monitor Saturday Keeping you in the loop on all things automotive, whether it's breaking news, a new review or the latest hard-hitting column — by our roster of trusted, talented and award-winning automotive journalists. Delivered on Wednesdays and Saturdays. Signed Up Healthing News Monday-Saturday Your go-to for the trending news and stories you need to live your healthiest life. We make it make sense. Signed Up Cannabis Post Monday Your one-stop destination for all the cannabis industry news and analysis you need to make informed decisions about your investments and your business. Signed Up Weekend Dispensary Saturday From stories of activists and athletes to the businesses, researchers, organizations, and other forces driving drug reform in Canada and abroad, we'll keep you informed about the ever-changing world of cannabis and psychedelics. Signed Up Financial Post Top Stories Daily Get all the latest top headlines from the Financial Post, delivered straight to your inbox as your working day begins. Signed Up Canada.com Travel Newsletter Thursday Plan your next adventure with the best of Postmedia's travel content, delivered to your inbox on Thursdays. Signed Up across our network Canucks Report Occasional/Seasonal The Canucks Report, powered by Province Sports, takes you inside the Vancouver Canucks' locker room with detailed previews delivered straight to your inbox on game days. A must-read for hockey fans who eat, sleep, Canucks, repeat. Signed Up Calgary Sun Sports Daily Keep your finger on the pulse of your local sports teams with all the news and headlines you need to stay informed. Signed Up Ottawa Sun COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Ottawa Citizen COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Your Midday Sun Weekdays From our newsroom to your inbox, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Your Midday Sun is your noon-hour look at what's happening in your city and your country — from what nonsense is afoot at City Hall to the latest COVID-19 news from our Queen's Park bureau. Signed Up Sunrise presented by Vancouver Sun Weekdays Wake up every weekday morning with breaking local news, qualified opinion, must-read investigative reports, and more to prepare you to start your work day. Signed Up Oil Spills Weekdays Get the latest Oilers news delivered to your inbox every weekday. Powered by Edmonton Sun and Journal Sports, this newsletter features inside info, lineup changes, insight, opinion and analysis from our experts. If you eat, sleep, breathe, dream Oilers like we do, you'll want to subscribe. Signed Up Montreal Gazette COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Vancouver Sun / The Province COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Under The Dome Saturday A one-stop-shop hodgepodge highlighting the top stories from the week that was in Alberta politics. Will return this fall. Signed Up Regina Leader Post Headline News Daily Whether it is the latest updates on the coronavirus, reporting on crime and the courts or updates from the world of politics, we deliver the local news you need in these turbulent times on weekdays at 3 p.m. Signed Up Ryan "Pucks" Pyette on the OHL Thursday Get on the ice, in the locker room and inside the league offices with Ryan Pyette, the premier reporter in the Ontario Hockey League. Signed Up Calgary Herald Noon News Roundup Weekdays Catch up on what’s happening in Calgary with the Noon News Roundup. On weekdays at noon, we’ll send you a curated list of top stories, breaking news, weather updates, a market summary, event listings, fun facts and conversation starters. Signed Up West Coast Table Thursday Plan your weekend with our recommendations on what to cook, where to dine and the perfect wine pairings. Trusted sources Mia Stainsby and Anthony Gismondi offer you their unique perspectives on the best of West Coast food and wine in this curated weekly newsletter. Signed Up Groundwork Occasional/Seasonal Groundwork is the Edmonton Journal's project in engagement journalism, led by columnist Keith Gerein. In it, we're investigating the impacts of the pandemic on prosperity in Edmonton and challenges the local economy faces. Sign up here to be part of our ongoing community editorial board to shape this project. Signed Up Saskatoon StarPhoenix Afternoon Headlines Daily Whether it is the latest updates on the coronavirus, reporting on crime and the courts or updates from the world of politics, we deliver the local news you need in these turbulent times on weekdays at 3 p.m. Signed Up Montreal Gazette Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Montreal Gazette, delivered daily at 7 a.m. Signed Up Toronto Sun COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up LFP Noon News Roundup Weekdays From the Knights to city hall, the crime beat to what's happening around town, the LFP's Noon News Roundup delivers a curated collection of links and need-to-know nuggets directly to your inbox at lunchtime on weekdays. Signed Up Edmonton Journal COVID-19 Update Daily COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. daily. Signed Up Ottawa Citizen Sports Daily No time to catch the play-by-play? We've got all the local sports headlines you need, straight to your devices. Signed Up Regina Leader Post Sports Daily Keep your finger on the pulse of your local sports teams with all the news and headlines you need to stay informed. Signed Up Saskatoon StarPhoenix Sports Daily Missed the big game last night? Don't worry, we've got all the local sports news you need to stay posted about your favourite teams. Signed Up Montreal Gazette Sports Daily Here are all the local sports headlines you need to read to keep your head in the game. Signed Up The Winnipeg Sun Sports Daily Here are all the local sports headlines you need to read to keep your head in the game. Signed Up Calgary Herald Sports Daily From the court to the ice, we have the scoop on all your favourite local teams and players. Signed Up Edmonton Sun Sports Daily Keep your finger on the pulse of your local sports teams with all the news and headlines you need to stay informed. Signed Up Vancouver Sun Informed Opinion Daily Get perspective and stay informed with this daily roundup of Opinion pieces from the Vancouver Sun and beyond. Signed Up Edmonton Journal Sports Daily Missed the big game last night? Don't worry, we've got all the local sports news you need to stay posted about your favourite teams. Signed Up The Ottawa Sun Sports Daily Here are all the local sports headlines you need to read to keep your head in the game. Signed Up Calgary COVID-19 Update Weekdays COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. on weekdays. Signed Up Calgary Sun Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Calgary Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up Sault Sunrise Weekdays Discover a new way to stay connected to what's going on in your community. The Sault Sunrise delivers the latest local news, trending stories, sports, politics, business updates and more directly to your inbox on weekday mornings at 7 a.m. Start your day with us! Signed Up HI/O: Montreal's Road to the Cup Monday When the Montreal Canadiens made the Stanley Cup finals for the first time in 28 years, we created this newsletter featuring exclusive content, Habs history, reader stories and more. Delivered to your inbox on Mondays before noon. Signed Up The Province Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from The Province, delivered daily. Signed Up The Province Sports Daily From the court to the ice, we have the scoop on all your favourite local teams and players. Signed Up The Toronto Sun Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Toronto Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up LFP Weekender Newsletter Thursday Your weekend. Our guide to making the most of it. A weekly email that lists the best weekend events, arts & culture offerings and straight-up fun in and around London. Signed Up The Winnipeg Sun's Daily Headline News Daily The Winnipeg Sun's Daily Headlines newsletter brings you the local news you need in these turbulent times. Every day at noon, our top news stories will be delivered directly to your inbox. Signed Up Calgary Herald Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Calgary Herald, delivered daily. Signed Up Edmonton Sun COVID-19 Update Daily COVID-19 has affected all aspects of our lives. Stay informed with our daily email newsletter focused on local coronavirus coverage and other essential news, delivered directly to your inbox by 7 p.m. daily. Signed Up Edmonton Sun Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Edmonton Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up Vancouver Sun Sports Daily Keep your finger on the pulse of your local sports teams with all the news and headlines you need to stay informed. Signed Up Edmonton Journal Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Edmonton Journal, delivered daily. Signed Up The Ottawa Sun Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Ottawa Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up Ottawa Citizen Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Ottawa Citizen, delivered daily. Signed Up The Kingston Whig-Standard's Noon News Roundup Weekdays Only have a few minutes to catch up on what's happening in the Kingston region? The Noon News Roundup is for you. Count on us for a curated list of top stories, breaking news, columns, features, weather updates and more. Signed Up The Toronto Sun Sports Daily Here are all the local sports headlines you need to read to keep your head in the game. Signed Up Vancouver Sun Headline News Daily Get the latest headlines, breaking news and columns from the Vancouver Sun, delivered daily. Signed Up Vancouver Sun's Sun Spots Daily Get all the top headlines and gossip from the world of celebrity and entertainment in this essential daily email. Signed Up 0 Newsletters Selected Please enter your email address to sign up. Email Address Sign Up There was an error, please provide a valid email address. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again By clicking on the sign-up button, you consent to receive the above newsletters from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. Categories News Sports Opinion Arts Business Life Driving E-Paper Subscribe Follow the Windsor Star Secondary Links Advertise With Us Digital Ad Registry Site Map Contact Privacy - Updated Terms of Use Copyright My Account 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2021 Windsor Star, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Notice for the Postmedia Network This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. OK
