https://business.financialpost.com/category/personal-finance/
Personal Finance Canada | Advice, Trends, Tips & News | Financial Post Skip to Content Register Now FP CryptoDecoded: Join us at our free crypto and blockchain events. FP CryptoDecoded: Join us at our free crypto and blockchain events. Register now> Manage Print Subscription Sections Search Search financialpost.com Perform search Financial Post Subscribe Main Menu Search financialpost.com Perform search News Election 2021 Archives FP Energy Oil & Gas Renewables Electric Vehicles FP Finance Banking Insurance Fintech Cryptocurrency FP Investor Markets Personal Finance Family Finance Retirement Taxes High Net Worth MoneyWise Canada FP Economy FP Work FP Comment Newsletters Business Essentials MoneyWise Canada Borrowing Money Future Money Growing Money Refer a Friend More Innovation The Funding Portal FP Magazine FP500 Real Estate Podcasts Video Information Technology Small Business Entrepreneur Commodities Agriculture Mining Shopping Essentials Home Living Style & Beauty Kitchen & Dining Personal Care Entertainment & Hobbies Gift Guide Obituaries Place a Notice Classifieds Place a Classifieds ad Working Advertise With Us PERSONAL FINANCE Family Finance Retirement Taxes High Net Worth Personal Finance Canada | Advice, Trends, Tips & News | Financial Post Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. This section is Presented by Manulife CoverMe This section was produced by the editorial department. The client was not given the opportunity to put restrictions on the content or review it prior to publication. Taxes Make the most of your child's RESP with this year-end planning checklist Jamie Golombek: Consider these planning tips before Dec. 31 to make sure you’re taking full advantage of the RESP with Video Taxes FP Economy Gen Z has $360 billion to spend — the trick is getting them to buy with Video FP Economy High Net Worth 'Want me to sell more stock, Bernie?' Just say the word — Elon Musk snipes at Sanders on Twitter with Video 171 Comments High Net Worth Family Finance The pandemic wedding boom is in full bloom, but for many young couples the financial picture has never been cloudier with Video Family Finance Family Finance This Ontario woman needs a retirement tune-up, and downsizing her home could do the trick 11 Comments Family Finance More personal finance stories > Latest Personal Finance Videos Up Next View More Videos > Advertisement Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Family Finance The pandemic wedding boom is in full bloom, but for many young couples the financial picture has never been cloudier Talking about their sex lives often easier for couples than talking about finances with Video 3 days ago Family Finance This Ontario woman needs a retirement tune-up, and downsizing her home could do the trick Sarah will also have to work part-time for five years to meet her goals of $60,000 a year 11 Comments 6 days ago Family Finance Turning rental properties into investment cash flow key to Ontario couple's retirement 'The couple is banking on appreciation to justify the extra risk, complexity and work of owning two rental properties,' expert says with Video 5 Comments November 5, 2021 Family Finance FP Answers: What effect will changing employers have on my investment strategy? Wilson's new job offers a lot more money, but not the same kind of pension. How will this switch affect the asset mix for his investment portfolio going forward? with Video November 5, 2021 Family Finance Surging real estate wealth is a golden opportunity for some to accelerate retirement plans Some British Columbia and Ontario residents could do downsizes of $1 million or more and live in comparable homes with Video 12 Comments November 2, 2021 Family Finance More family finance stories > Trending B.C. flooding could be Canada's costliest disaster as cut-off Port of Vancouver snarls supply chain What rhymes with bitcoin and could leave you broke? If you said shiba inu you're getting warm... Brookfield faces 'imminent default' on Chicago office building Coding is one of the most in-demand and highest paying jobs in Canada Warren Buffett saw inflation coming early on -- 8 tips to help you come out ahead Advertisement Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Retirement FP Answers: How do I know if I'm saving and investing too much? Paul and Roxanne invest 50 per cent of their after-tax income for retirement. Is that too much? How will they know when they have enough for a comfortable retirement? with Video 6 days ago Retirement FP Answers: How should we prioritize saving for RRSPs, RESPs and paying down our mortgage? It’s never too early to start investing. Here’s how one young family with twins on the way is staying on top of their financial and investing goals with Video October 29, 2021 Retirement Are we behind on our retirement savings? Watch: Personal finance educator Kelley Keehn on retirement saving strategies with Video October 28, 2021 Retirement FP Explains: The pros and cons of using retirement planning software to help you figure out your needs Test drive: The Canadians’ Preparation for Retirement — or CPR software — may be worth checking out with Video October 8, 2021 Retirement FP Explains: The right time to start drawing from your RRSP/RRIF and non-registered investments It often helps to think in terms of family wealth and tax efficiency with Video October 1, 2021 Retirement More retirement stories > weather (Toronto) view complete forecast Advertisement Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Taxes Make the most of your child's RESP with this year-end planning checklist Jamie Golombek: Consider these planning tips before Dec. 31 to make sure you’re taking full advantage of the RESP with Video 8 hours ago Taxes Proposed fee cap on disability tax credit consulting stalls once again Jamie Golombek: Getting CRA to allow DTC can be an ordeal, pushing some to turn to consultants who may charge upwards of 30% of tax refunds generated by a successful application with Video November 11, 2021 Taxes It's never too early to make a start on business and corporate tax returns Government tax filing deadlines are strict, so it's never too early to make a start November 7, 2021 Business Essentials How tax literate are you? Not enough if you're like many Canadians Jamie Golombek: Our overly complex tax system remains obfuscatory and beyond many taxpayers’ grasp with Video 5 Comments November 4, 2021 Taxes With year-end only weeks away, treat yourself this weekend by doing a little bit of tax planning Jamie Golombek: Here are a few things to think about while you eat your Halloween candy this weekend with Video October 28, 2021 Taxes More taxes stories > Advertisement Stories continue below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. High Net Worth 'Want me to sell more stock, Bernie?' Just say the word — Elon Musk snipes at Sanders on Twitter The world's wealthiest person directed a series of insults at the U.S. senator over his call for billionaires to pay more in taxes with Video 171 Comments 3 days ago High Net Worth Who's Tobi Lütke? Meet the tech tycoon who draws $1 in salary and runs Canada's largest listed company Shopify's founder and chief executive is 'a true national gem,' one tech industry expert says with Video 7 Comments November 1, 2021 High Net Worth Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are now worth almost half a trillion dollars combined The value of the two fortunes is yet another watershed moment in what's shaping up to be a historic week for billionaires with Video 10 Comments October 28, 2021 High Net Worth Lightspeed founder Dax Dasilva's conservation efforts court next generation of talent and cynicism alike Those who think that crusading bosses are bad shareholders should take note. Doing good isn't vanity. It's now part of the job with Video October 26, 2021 Executive Elon Musk's fortune surges $36 billion in only one day after Hertz's Tesla order It's the biggest one-day gain in the history of the Bloomberg Billionaires Index with Video 19 Comments October 26, 2021 High Net Worth More high net worth stories > Advertisement Advertisement This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below. Categories News FP Energy FP Finance FP Investor FP Economy FP Work FP Comment Newsletters Business Essentials MoneyWise Canada Refer a Friend Subscribe Secondary Links My Account Subscriber Self-Serve ePaper Contact Us Advertise Advertise With Us Appointment Notice Content Works Partnerships Resources Classified Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Careers FlyerCity Post a Classified ad Local Directory Sales About Us Postmedia Network National Post Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Winnipeg Sun London Free Press Canada.com Canoe.com Driving.ca The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Montreal Gazette Toronto Sun Ottawa Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun National Post ❯ Follow us Give us some feedback! 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 © 2021 Financial Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Bottom links Privacy - Updated Terms Copyright Digital Ad Registry Sitemap Contact us Notice for the Postmedia Network This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. OK
