https://windsorstar.remembering.ca/obituary/create/
Windsor Star  | Create an Obituary Skip to content Advanced Create a Notice Search for a story, obituary or memorial Search for a story, obituary or memorial Advanced Search Advanced Search First name Last name Date of birth Date of passing Obituaries Home Learn & Prepare Funeral Homes Create a Notice Sign In Sign In Online Obituaries Email Updates Account Settings Sign In Obituaries Learn & Prepare Funeral Homes Sign In Sign In My Account Online Obituaries Email Updates Account Settings Sign In Advanced Search First name Last name Date of birth Date of passing × × Create an Obituary Basic information Enter your loved one's legal name, date of birth and date of passing. We require this information to verify the identity of the deceased. Should you wish to hide the date of birth or date of passing, click on the selection box titled, "Hide date of birth and date of passing from the online obituary". First name Preferred name (Nickname) Middle name Last name Date of birth Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Date of passing Month January February March April May June July August September October November December Hide date of birth and date of passing from the online obituary Verification of death Please provide the funeral home information, or the name and contact number of any party who can verify the death of this individual (i.e. a crematorium, medical research facility, etc.) We cannot confirm the passing with an organization such as a Hospice, Hospital or Church. We require the name of the Funeral Home or Crematorium to verify the passing before publication. For overseas Funeral Homes, please email a copy of the death certificate to selfserveclassifieds@postmedia.com. Funeral home name Choose a different funeral home Address City Contact number ZipCode The Funeral Home/Crematorium name may appear in print and/or online. Hide this information from the online obituary Add events Posting an event is the easiest way to let visitors to the story know about funeral services being hosted. Remove Event type Select a funeral event type Funeral service Visitation Viewing (Wake) Burial Memorial service Reception Graveside service Celebration of life Mass of Christian Burial Custom Service Location name Address Date Start time End time Include event details in the print notice. Check this box to ensure the event information is published in print. You can edit or remove this event later Add an Event Introducing: Facebook Live Stream Sharing Are you planning on streaming the funeral service, or other events related to this story? Now you can add a link to the online obituary, so family and friends can join your event remotely. Don't know how to create a live stream? Click here to learn more Add a Facebook live stream link to this story If you are hosting a digital memorial or other remote event, include the link here. It will be displayed on the online notice for family and friends to join. To display a live stream on the obituary, enter the live stream link in the following format: https://www.facebook.com/example-memorial/videos/10152922/ NOTE: only Facebook live links will work - do not enter other links as they will not work. The URL entered does not match the required format. Please enter the link in the following format:https://www.facebook.com/example-memorial/videos/10152922 Photos Upload a photo of your loved one as you would like them to be remembered. You can also change or upload your own cover photo. Choose high quality photos for best results. Remove Rotate Zoom In Zoom Out Choose Portrait Photo Memorial photo album Upload more photos to share with friends and family on the online obituary. They will be included on the online obituary as a memorial photo album. Upload up to 10 photos. Upload Photos Background photo Select a background from this library for the online obituary. If you like, you can upload your own for a more personal touch. Note: the filename for your background photo cannot contain any of the following characters: & $ @ = ; : + , ? \ ^ % ` " > [ ] ~ < # | Upload my own Rotate Zoom In Zoom Out Story Writing an obituary is a way to honor your loved one's life as well as to announce their death. It can be a painful process, but it's a way to celebrate your loved one's passions, achievements, and surviving family members. How to Write an Obituary Choose a Memorial Verse Online Expressions of Sympathy for family and friends is enabled. Save for Later Proceed to Publishing Through Expressions of Sympathy, family and friends can easily send flowers directly to their loved one’s funeral service. Choose from over 150 different floral arrangements to find the perfect flowers that honor your loved one. When you choose Expressions of Sympathy, you: Support local florists Guarantee hand delivery Save valuable time Create a meaningful service for your loved one 100% money back guarantee Enable Expressions of Sympathy No, thank you Tell the story of a life. Create a Notice Obituaries Celebrations Classifieds Working Learn & Prepare Funeral Homes Contact Us Sign In © 2021 by Windsor Star Obituaries Terms & Conditions Privacy Powered by
