https://pages.postmedia.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy – Postmedia Pages Skip to Content Sign In Sign Out Cookie Policy Effective date: May 25, 2018 Contents Does Postmedia use cookies? What is a cookie? When does Postmedia place cookies? What types of cookies does Postmedia use? What are cookies used for? What is Do Not Track (DNT)? How are cookies used for advertising purposes? What third-party cookies does Postmedia use? Controlling cookies What to do if you don’t want cookies to be set or want them to be removed? Other helpful resources At Postmedia, we believe in being clear and open about how we collect and use data related to you. In the spirit of transparency, this policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies. This cookie policy applies to any Postmedia product or service that links to this policy or incorporates it by reference. Does Postmedia use cookies? Yes. As described in "How Does Our Technology Monitor Our Properties?" of our Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses Postmedia has the best possible experience. Cookies also help us keep your account safe. By continuing to visit or use our services, you are agreeing to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this policy. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables Postmedia features and functionality. For example, cookies enable us to identify your device, secure your access to Postmedia and our sites generally, and even help us know if someone attempts to access your account from a different device. Cookies also enable you to easily share content on Postmedia and help us serve relevant ads to you. When does Postmedia place cookies? We use cookies on our sites and mobile applications (Postmedia properties). Any browser visiting these sites will receive cookies from us. We also place cookies in your browser when you visit non-Postmedia sites that host our plugins or tags. What types of cookies does Postmedia use? We use two types: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it’s easier to return to Postmedia or interact with our services without signing in again. After you sign in, a persistent cookie stays in your browser and will be read by Postmedia when you return to one of our sites or a partner site that uses our services (for example, our sharing or job application buttons). Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session). What are cookies used for? Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit Postmedia, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience that’s in line with your settings. Cookies also make your interactions with Postmedia faster and more secure. Additionally, cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and off Postmedia properties, and bring customized experiences to you via personalization. Categories of Use Description Authentication If you’re signed in to Postmedia, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience. Security We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations of our Terms of Service agreement. Preferences, features and services Cookies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on Postmedia more easily. They also provide you with features, insights, and customized content in conjunction with our properties. You can learn more about customized experiences in our Privacy Policy. Advertising We may use cookies to show you relevant advertising both on and off Postmedia properties. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action (e.g. downloaded a white paper or made a purchase) on the advertiser’s site. Similarly, our partners may use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed, or provide us with information about how you interact with ads. We may also work with a partner to show you an ad on or off Postmedia properties, such as after you’ve visited a partner’s site or application. Performance, Analytics and Research Cookies help us learn how well our properties perform in different locations. We also use cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access Postmedia from other websites, applications, or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device. What is Do Not Track (DNT)? DNT is a concept that has been promoted by regulatory agencies such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing Internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites by using browser settings. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working with industry groups, Internet browsers, technology companies, and regulators to develop a DNT technology standard. While some progress has been made, it has been slow. No standard has been adopted to this date. As such, Postmedia does not generally respond to “do not track” signals. How are cookies used for advertising purposes? Cookies and other ad technology - such as "web beacons", "tags and scripts", and local storage objects ("LSOs") such as HTML5 - help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. They also help us provide aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers, understand and improve our service, and know when content has been shown to you. Note: Because your web browser may request advertisements and beacons directly from third party ad network servers, these networks can view, edit, or set third party cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. Ads served by Postmedia may also set third party cookies. If you are logged in on a Postmedia property that references this Cookie Policy or browsing a third party partner site of Postmedia and one of our cookies on your device identifies you, your usage (such as your browsing behavior) and log data (such as your IP address), will be associated by us with your account as noted in "How Does Our Technology Monitor Our Properties?" of our Privacy Policy. We also use aggregate data from third parties and data from your profile and Postmedia activity. If you are a Postmedia member but logged out of your account on a browser, Postmedia may still continue to log your interaction with our services on that browser for up to 30 days in order to generate usage analytics for our services, which analytics we may share in aggregate form with our advertising customers. Unless you clear these cookies from your browser, we may use this information to conduct activities such as: provide more relevant, interest-based advertising provide aggregate reports of ads activity to advertisers and websites hosting the ads help website and app owners understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps detect and defend against fraud and other risks to protect users and partners improve our products For further information regarding our use of cookies and similar technologies for advertising purposes, and the controls available to Members and Visitors, please refer to our Privacy Policy What third-party cookies does Postmedia use? Our List of Third-Party Vendors in our Privacy Policy lists some of the third party cookies on our properties. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time. Please also note that companies and other organizations that sponsor pages and advertising on Postmedia properties may use cookies, pixels or other technologies on their properties to learn about your interest in them. Controlling cookies Most browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings like login information. What to do if you don’t want cookies to be set or want them to be removed? If you are a Visitor, you can opt-out of our advertising cookies here. For Members, our ad settings are here. If you do not want to receive cookies, you can also change your browser settings on your computer or other device you’re using to access our services. If you use Postmedia properties without changing your browser settings, we’ll assume that you’re happy to receive all cookies on the Postmedia properties. Most browsers also provide functionality that lets you review and erase cookies, including Postmedia cookies. Please note that Postmedia properties may not work properly without cookies. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit wikipedia.org, allaboutcookies.org, or aboutcookies.org. Other helpful resources To learn more about advertisers’ use of cookies the following links may be helpful: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) Internet Advertising Bureau (US) Internet Advertising Bureau (EU) Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below for more information. Google Chrome Internet Explorer Mozilla Firefox Safari (Desktop) Safari (Mobile) Android Browser Opera Opera Mobile For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides.To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit wikipedia.org, allaboutcookies.org, or aboutcookies.org. © 2021 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Privacy - Updated Terms of Use Copyright Digital Ad Registry Contact Follow Us Follow us on Linkedin (open in new window) Follow us on Facebook (open in new window) Follow us on Twitter (open in new window) Our Properties National Post Financial Post Canada.com Canoe.com Driving.ca The GrowthOp The London Free Press Calgary Herald Edmonton Journal Montreal Gazette Ottawa Citizen Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Vancouver Sun The Province Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun Ottawa Sun Toronto Sun Winnipeg Sun
