http://www.cpso.on.ca/
CPSO - Home skip to content Enter text to search website  New Applicant Account Creation Member/Applicant Login  Public  Public  Skip contact information Contact Us Hours of Operation Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 416-967-2600 Address College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario 80 College Street Toronto, Ontario M5G 2E2 Public Information You and Your Doctor Patient Newsletter Compliment a Physician Continuity of Care Guide for Patients and Caregivers Reports of Clinic Inspections Unregistered Practitioners Public Engagement Policy Consultations Services Doctor Search File a Complaint Funding for Therapy and Counselling Patient & Public Help Centre Need College Data? Travelling Abroad Public Homepage Physicians  Physicians  Skip contact information Contact Us Hours of Operation Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 416-967-2600 Address College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario 80 College Street Toronto, Ontario M5G 2E2 Registration Requirements Apply for Registration Registration Policies International Medical Graduates (IMGs) Registration Committee FMRAC Agreement on National Standards Your Practice Registration Renewals and Incorporation Membership Services Quality Improvement Program Quality Management & CPD Physician Advisory Services Policies & Guidance Practice Guide Policies Statements & Positions Professionalism & Practice Programs Consultations Physicians Homepage About  About  Skip contact information Contact Us Hours of Operation Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 416-967-2600 Address College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario 80 College Street Toronto, Ontario M5G 2E2 What we do Council Meet the Council Council Updates Council Meetings Council Elections Council Awards College Leadership Committees Get Involved with the CPSO Career Opportunities Committee Members Clinical Supervisors Medical Students Legislation & By-Laws Privacy, Accessibility & Human Rights Codes Accessibility Policy CPSO Logo Usage Privacy Code Respect for Human Rights Social Media Terms of Use Technical Information About Homepage News  News  Skip contact information Contact Us Hours of Operation Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 5 p.m. 416-967-2600 Address College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario 80 College Street Toronto, Ontario M5G 2E2 COVID-19 Updates Information for Physicians Information for Patients News Releases Discipline Hearings Discipline Decisions Key Updates Publications & Reports Annual Report Dialogue Patient Compass IHF/OHP News Registration Reports Submissions by CPSO to Government College Performance Measurement Framework News Homepage Contact francais Member/Applicant Login New Applicant Account Creation notes   Enter text to search website Search COVID-19 UPDATES Answers to frequently asked questions and additional information around the effective choices you can make to keep you and others safe. Resources Doctor Search This is a database of registered Ontario Doctors. For more options or to search for an Inactive doctor, please use the Advanced search. The following errors occurred: You must enter a CPSO Number or Last Name. Physician Last Name Or CPSO Number Search CPSO News News Releases CPSO news, press releases Discipline Hearings Upcoming discipline hearings schedule Discipline Decisions Latest discipline decisons Publications Newsletters, Dialogue, Annual Report COVID-19 Updates Provision of in-person and virtual care COVID-19 update regarding the provision of in-person and virtual care COVID-19 Information for Physicians Resources for physicians amidst the evolving outbreak. COVID-19 Information for Patients We answer some questions about what you can expect from your physician during the outbreak. Members Registration Whether you are a new physician looking to practise medicine for the first time or you’re an experienced doctor moving to Ontario from another jurisdiction, the CPSO is the body that grants you your medical licence. Apply for Registration Looking to practise medicine in Ontario? Learn more about our licensing process Annual Membership Renewal Each year, registered physicians are required to submit their renewal application. 2021 Deadline: July 20 at 5 p.m. EDT CONTACT US College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario 80 College Street Toronto, ON, M5G 2E2 416-967-2600 Public Doctor Search Clinic Inspections Public Information Services Physicians Registration Your Practice Policies & Guidance About What we do Council College Leadership Committees Get Involved with the CPSO Legislation & By-Laws Privacy, Accessibility & Human Rights Codes News COVID-19 Updates News Releases Discipline Hearings Discipline Decisions Key Updates Publications & Reports © 2021 The College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario Terms of Use Privacy Policy
