https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
How can I adjust how ads on Facebook are shown to me based on data about my activity from partners? | Facebook Help Center Help Center English (US) Using Facebook Managing Your Account Login and Password Account Settings Names on Facebook Notifications Ad Preferences How Ads Work on Facebook Control the Ads You See Your Info and Facebook Ads Accessing & Downloading Your Information Deactivating or Deleting Your Account Privacy, Safety and Security Policies and Reporting How can I adjust how ads on Facebook are shown to me based on data about my activity from partners? Change platform:Computer Help To show you more relevant ads, we receive and use data that advertisers and other partners provide to us about your activity on their websites and apps, as well as some of your offline interactions, such as purchases. For example, we may show you an ad for a shirt based on your visit to a clothing website. You can control whether you see ads based on your activity off of Facebook, through Data About Your Activity From Partners in your Ad Preferences. To view and adjust this setting: Click in the top right of Facebook. Select Settings & Privacy, then click Settings. Scroll down and click Ads in the left menu. Click Ad Settings, then click Data about your activity from partners. Select whether we can use data from our partners to show you ads. Keep in mind, this setting controls whether we can show you personalized ads on Facebook based on data about your activity from our partners. If you turn off this setting, the ads you see may still be based on your activity on our platform. They may also be based on information from a specific business that has shared a list of individuals or devices with us, if we've matched your profile to information on that list. This setting only applies to ads you see across your Facebook account, including on Messenger, and to ads you see on websites, apps and devices that are delivered by Facebook's advertising services. This setting does not apply to ads you see on Instagram, unless you’ve enabled connected experiences across your Instagram and Facebook accounts. Learn how to adjust how ads are shown to you on Instagram. If you've enabled connected experiences across your Instagram and Facebook accounts, you can also adjust your Instagram ad experience through the Data About Your Activity From Partners setting. We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and participate in the opt-out programs established by the Digital Advertising Alliance, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. You can opt out from all participating companies through these sites. Learn more about your ad preferences on Facebook. Was this helpful? Yes No Yes No Related Articles What are my ad preferences and how can I adjust them on Facebook? What is off-Facebook activity? Making ads better and giving you more control on Facebook How can I adjust my Facebook privacy settings? Why am I seeing ads from an advertiser on Facebook? Related Articles What are my ad preferences and how can I adjust them on Facebook? What is off-Facebook activity? Making ads better and giving you more control on Facebook How can I adjust my Facebook privacy settings? Why am I seeing ads from an advertiser on Facebook? © 2021 Meta English (US) About Privacy Terms and Policies Ad Choices Careers Cookies Create Ad Create Page © 2021 Meta About Privacy Terms and Policies Ad Choices Careers Cookies Create Ad Create Page Was this helpful? Yes No Yes No
